LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ
28/01/1980Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 2Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 3Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
"3-root" Personality Tree
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 4Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
A letter
Dear LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 15Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
01 02 03
11 9 1
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
1 1 1
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
9 8 3
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
1,4
Weaknesses you need to remedy
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 16Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
8 7 3,5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
6,7,8,9,1 7,8,9 2,1,3,1
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
0,8,8,8
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 17Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
01. Life Path Number - 11
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
You are very selective when it comes
to relationships and the way you
communicate. You have your own
opinions on everything, but you will not
letjustanyoneinonthem.
You value privacy and the right to keep
things you don't want to talk about
private. Possessing a strong moral
compass and inner wholeness, you are
not easily influenced by what others
thinkorsayaboutyou.
EnergyofNumber11
Number 11 represents the principle of
enlightenment. Despite being a higher
vibration, 11 also symbolizes chaos
andtheneedforbalance.Number11is
composed of two "ones", and therefore
has two times the characteristics of
number1.
However, the sum of two 1s is 2, which
is the polar opposite. As a result,
people with Life Path number 11 are Motivator
sometimes very difficult to understand
andawe-inspiring.
MasterNumber11hasgreatpotentialtobecomeasourceofenergyandmotivationtopeople.
Career
Ideal career paths for individuals with Life Path number 11 include inventor, teacher, scientist, lecturer,
inspirational writer, political activist, philosopher, astrologer, psychic, reformer, artist, abstract thinker,
musician,innovatorinanycomputertechnologyfield,electronics,andpsychic sciences.
Characteristics
MasterNumber11hasgreatpotentialtobecomeasourceofenergyandmotivationtopeople.Number11
is associated with natural talents. Having great creative potential, you are able to initiate projects or
undertakings,and work onimproving yourself in your areaof expertise.This alsorings truewhenitcomes
topeople;you maybecomeaprofessionalpsychologist whoworksto"fix"souls.
Mostofthetime,youshow gratitudetopeopleanddisplaypositivity,sotheyknowtheycanappealto you.
Youhave zest andare eager toshare your ideas withothers.Peopleappreciateyoubecause youlistento
themandhelpthemfindtherightdirectioninlife,therebygivingthemaclearervisionoftheirfuture.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 18Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
01. Life Path Number - 11
In general, people with Life Path 11
are very sensitive, but because this
number is composed of two "ones",
they tend to be unpredictable. They
can talk a lot one moment and be
too silent the next. Nobody knows
what they will do and when they will
doit.
Highly ambitious, you always desire
great things for yourself, but your
capabilities are often unable to keep
upwith suchdesires.
Do it Properly,orDon't Do itat All
Whatever you do, you pay full
attention to it. Your motto is 'do it
properly, or don't do it at all'.
Perhaps this is the reason why
those who know you always have
somethingnice tosayabout you.
You are a person of inner and outer
balance. In times of hardship, you
must keep calm and not allow
yourself to be destabilized, in which
case, you will experience mood
swings, feelings of uncertainty, or
even insomnia.
Success will come if you are receptive to the opinions of those around you, but the decision
should beyours tomakein accordancewith your heartandmind.
Strengths
You are flexible, caring towards others and sensitive to people’s needs. You are a spiritual
messenger and a fair judge or intermediary. You are modest, frank and have good diplomatic
skills.
Weaknesses
The strengths of number 11 can be more prominent than its weaknesses and vice versa
depending on your individual personality and inclination. Life Path number 11 is associated with
negative traits such asanxiety. Your strengths can alsoturn into weaknesses. Somepeople with
LifePathnumber11 areindecisive and have difficultymotivatingthemselves.
You are hard to read and have a high level of spiritual energy. You
always show gratitude, think independently and positively, and are able
toenlighten andinspire people.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 19Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
01. Life Path Number - 11
Possessing number 11’s energy, you were born to enlighten others and release the magical
powers within them.You areable togive them astrongfaithandpassion forlife.
• Ability to inspire • Great communication skills
• Leadership skills • Excellent diplomatic skills
• Ability to connect people • Ability to understand others
• Good intuition • Inner power
• Unique charms • Big vision
Becoming a great enlightener and inspirer
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 20Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
02. Balance Number - 9
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces
the difficulties and challenges that come their way
inlife
People with Balance Number 9 never hesitate to
shoulder responsibilities and give others a helping
hand. In the face of hardships, they can maintain
the positive energy and enthusiasm.
They have a strong leadership spirit, and always
think and act with their teammates’ best interests
in mind. It will be a blessing for your team to have
a member with Balance Number 9.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 21Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
03. Destiny Number - 1
Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take
on when you come to this
world,and what you must doto
bebeneficialtoit.
Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find
satisfactionandhappiness, and
create incredible values for
societyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to transform people into leaders.
Your mission is to become a leader in whichever career path you are passionate about
and excel at. You love power and want to be the best at what you do. You have very
high expectations both for yourself and for others.
Your purpose is to lead and pioneer – people with Destiny Number 1 are always full of
life and are usually the center of attention. You are courageous, tend to act
independently according to your creative ideas, like innovation and have a strong sense
of responsibility. You communicate and act with clarity and compassion.
Destiny Number 1 will bring you life experiences that allow you to explore yourself and
eliminate self-doubts. You must stay determined and never let any obstacle or barrier
get in the way towards realizing your vision. You are able to keep work and play
separate. In order to reduce stress, you will need to follow an exercise regimen.
Destiny Number 1 indicates that, whether you are doubting yourself or do not have the
courage to use your powers, it is still your destiny to become a leader. You must
express your uniqueness and leadership talents in order to guide others. Destiny
Number 1 demands that you grow from a dependent person into a self-reliant one,
then develop individuality, become accomplished and finally be a pioneer.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 22Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 1
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must become stronger and have more confidence in your abilities. Learn how to
be proactive, self-reliant and decisive. Use your intuition to make decisions and avoid
being dependent on the opinions of others. Do not concern yourself too much with
people’s expectations; instead, be proactive and assertive in the pursuit of your dreams
and ambitions.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 23Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
05. Soul Urge Number - 1
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it.It can explainthe root cause
of the decisions you make and the
way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 1 want to make their own choices regarding their future
without being influenced by anyone else. You are self-reliant and self-disciplined
enough to make your dreams come true, never letting anyone get in your way. As a
boss or manager, you see yourself as the driving force behind any team or workplace
that you are in charge of.
In a competitive environment, you will surpass anyone who tries to challenge you. You
truly believe that no one else can guide a team as well as you can. You are so
passionate about your beliefs and ideas that other people cannot help but listen to you.
This is particularly beneficial when you have to make tough decisions and convince
other leaders to agree with them.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 24Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
06. Birthday Number - 1
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personalitywithonthedayyouwere
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday
Number, you will find out which
environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
The Birthday Number 1 represents the sun – the beginning of all numbers – the foundation of
all things. As such, it is often described as the “leader of the numbers.” People with this
Birthday number are innately creative and imaginative. Opinionated and persuasive, you dislike
being restrained and rarely seek advice. Moreover, you prefer working alone independently.
Generally,peoplewithBirthday Number1donotrequire a manageror subordinates.
People with this birthday number are also highly ambitious. Within you lie a fierce resolve and a
strong willpower, which can sometimes cause people to consider you stubborn and obstinate.
Children with Birthday Number 1 will refuse to behave unless their demands are met. If they are
not taught how to satisfy their own needs, they will make a mess of everything. Dealing with
people who have Birthday Number 1, particularly children, requires a gentle approach, because
despite a tough exterior, they are actually quite sensitive. You have the potential to reach
incredibleheightsinyour lifeand career,especiallywithenoughsupportfromyour family.
People with Birthday Number 1 want to be in control of everything, and that includes their
emotions. To be able to do so, you must take full advantage of your mental capacity. People
with this Birthday Number take on an active role in relationships. You decide who to fall for and
will not give up until you are reciprocated… or lose interest. Generally, you are attracted to
exceptional people. People with Birthday Number 1 never fear rejections – simply because they
are number1’s.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 25Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
07. Personality Number - 9
The personality number reveals what kind of
impression you make on others when they first
meet you.Inotherwords, it describestheenergyor
characteristicsthatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are
trustworthy, magnanimous and morally upright.
Individuals with Personality Number 9 are
typically loved by many people and have a lot of
“fans.” You possess abilities that are so
admirable, those who lack the same abilities are
envious of you. You can use these abilities for a
greater good, and they can even motivate
others to accomplish as much as you have
accomplished. This depends on how you
present yourself to others.
If you act in an egotistical manner, it may irritate
people. But if you display kindness and
sympathy, people will come to love you.
From their first encounters with people with
Personality Number 9, others tend to get the
impression that they are no ordinary individuals,
because they can see your incredible willpower
and determination. They can also see the
immense humanistic values that you have.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 26Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 8
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others
perceive you. This number gives
you advice on how to adjust the
way you are so that people do
notmisunderstand you.
People may think you are a carefree person because you seem to have few worries and
go through life with relative ease, and they have a point because you do need to
become more mature in many aspects. Despite being creative, unique and able to
shine brightly, you still lack one thing which is order and discipline in every move you
make. You should also have ambitions and work hard to nurture them.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 27Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
09. Maturity Number - 3
The Maturity Number tells you what you should do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during the most productive period of your life, which is
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you must focus on personal branding. Number 3 is associated with
extraversion and social connections. The more time you spend among crowds, the more
successful you will be.
If you want to become a certain type of person, you should apply yourself fully to
cultivating and asserting your values. The whole universe will come together to assist you
in this endeavor in the best way possible.
In this period, people will listen to you and ask you for advice. Therefore, you need to
improve your communication skills so that everything you say makes an impact on
others.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 28Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies
that we were not naturally gifted
withwhenwecametothisworld.
The absence of this number means a lack of self-control, positive energy and
leadership capabilities. Number 1 carries the lesson of becoming mature and improving
oneself.
People who have Karmic Lesson Number 1 should step out of their comfort zones and
take charge of their own lives. You need to learn how to generate positive energy for
yourself. You must also control your emotions and actions, and bring yourself into line.
This is because only when you have control of your shortcomings, will your life go the
way you want it to.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 29Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 30Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
11. Rational Thought Number - 8
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
way you act in stressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
When thinking about something, it is normal for you to scan information as if you are
already familiar with it; you think in keywords and quick concepts, which allows you to
easily examine an array of options. Other people can’t seem to understand how you
can find the answer in such a way, but it gives you an advantage, so you readily make
use of it.
You examine everything that comes into your mind, and when a complicated thought
appears, you tend to simplify it, or create an easier model of or a suitable comparison
to such a concept. This can be referred to as an analytical style of thinking.
You tend to have big visions and a comprehensive perspective, and see the big picture
rather than paying attention to details.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 31Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 32Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
13. Hidden Passion Number - 3
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
A talkative and energetic person, you enjoy being in the company of people. With the
drive you have, it is possible for you to become a successful YouTube star or blogger
because your enthusiastic and cheerful disposition can be irresistible. Your passion is
to share what you have and to be in constant action.
Despite being susceptible to mood swings, you can always find a way to cheer yourself
up because there is no point in staying grumpy for too long. You are witty and have an
exceptional mind, which is often expressed through the way you dress and talk. You
are also naturally gifted at sharing information or teaching, so all the skills you have can
be effectively communicated to everyone.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 33Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 34Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2020)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 35Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2021)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 36Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2022)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 37Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2023)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 38Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 39Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 8/2022)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 40Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 9/2022)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 41Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 10/2022)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 42Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 0 - age 34)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 43Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 34 - age 43)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 44Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 43 - age 52)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 45Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 52 - age 61)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 46Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 47Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
17. Challenge Number - 8
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
If you have Challenge Number 8, you need to learn the lesson of moderation.You
may experience problems with interpersonal relationships.You have the ability to
work hard and be passionate about what you do, but if you care about the
materialworld too muchandspend all your energy there, it willbe hard for you to
overcome this challenge. Its purpose is to teach you how to value the things that
cannot be bought or sold. It is a lesson on how to appreciate real kindness, love,
friendship, sincerity, and care. If you manage not to take these things for granted
during thisperiod,youwillsucceed.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 48Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 49Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 50Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 51Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 52Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 53Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 54Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 55Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 56Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 57Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj – Former Senior Vice President and Head of
Strategy at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business
operationsin23countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
described exactly what I had been through. Having the Life Path
number1,Ialwayshadtheurgetobecomeagreatleader,andtohelp
otherleadersbecomebetteraswell.EverythingIhavebeenpursuingis
laidoutonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
mapis.Theinformationitprovides uswithisnotone-dimensional,but
WhatamazedmethemostisthatMapforSuccesswasindeedableto
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international
expansion. Andsure enough, thatwas whenI was working inover 50
countries.
Map for Success isa truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8
importanttotheirlives.”
Mrs.DangThuyHa-NorthernRegionDirectorofNielsenVietnam
“Map For Success has a lot of different numbers, each of which
representsacertainmeaning,butthemostinterestingandimportantthing
is the connection among numbers and first and last name, date of birth.
Therebytellingme:“WhereamI?Whatismyego?AmIontherighttrack?
WhatopportunitiesdoIneedtofocusoninthenearfuture?”
Forthismap,Ireallyhadtosay"I'monmyrighttrackwithmyMap
For Success". I am most interested in the destiny number, it shows that:
who you want to be, how much effort will you make to become that
person.” For me, the destiny number 1 represents the fierce desire to
become the best, the number one in my profession. It also shows its
responsibility to the community, helping others achieve success. This is
exactlywhatIdreamabout.
Map For Success is great because it can tell me whatmy milestones are,
where I am and what path I need to follow to reach my destination faster
and more successfully. This tool is suitable for both individuals and
organizations. For individuals, it helps us have a different vision, we will
standonotherpeople'sshoes,notfromourown.Fororganizations,itwill
be extremely suitable for leaders. Help leaders know how to motivate and
push the strengths of employees to be promoted, thereby work will be
moreproductive. Life Path Number: 3 –Destiny Number: 1
Map For Success is really a good tool to help you have a clear direction,
thereby perfecting yourself and becoming "who" in the shortest time in
workandlife.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 58Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 59Full name: LÊ THỊ NGỌC HUỆ Date of birth: 28/01/1980
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email: info@gein.vn
Phone number: 0345 268 799
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 60