Beale William Caradus Nicholas
19/06/1981Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Beale William Caradus Nicholas ,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19810619BG1V8M
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
01 02 03
8 6 9
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
1 6 1
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
3 3 8
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
7
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
1 8 1,3
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,2,9,7
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
5,0,5,5
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
01. Life Path Number - 8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also indicates
whichdirectionyourjourneyofself-improvementshouldtakeforyoutoattainhappiness.
Individuals with Life Path number 8 were
born with qualities that enable them to
organize, lead, instruct, and rule. Highly
ambitious, they set goals for themselves
and are eager to reach them in the fastest
and most efficient way possible. They
possess great intellectual and emotional
capabilities, thanks to which they easily
becomethebestinanythingtheydo.
Number 8 is the number of leaders and
those who wield authority with wisdom. You
have what it takes to bring people together
andmake them believe in a cause that they
Fortune and reputation attraction
arewilling todevotetheirlivesto.
Number 8 represents a pair of gateways connecting two worlds, one of which being visions and the other
reality. Number 8’s role is to turn ideas into reality, create products and services, and design business
models. It’s important for them to find satisfaction, both spiritually and materially. Keep in mind that only
when their spiritual aspect reaches maturity will number 8’s be able to realize their material dreams.With
enougheffort,theycanbecomearolemodelorteacheronspiritualand/orfinancialmatters.
EnergyofNumber8
Number 8 symbolizes resurrection and
regeneration. It is associated with a
new beginning and the infinity of the
universe. It is also the number of
restoration. Faced with any difficulties,
number 8’s always staycomposed and
go to any lengths necessary to
thoroughly overcome them. Number 8
carries the energy of leadership,
strength, wealth and power. It is the
number of entrepreneurship,
administration, perseverance and
Excellent executor
senseofresponsibility.
Career
Ideal career paths for number 8’s are business owner and any other occupations that involve finance,
commerce, large corporations, top executive positions, banking, financial or political advisor, counselor,
corporate lawyer, investment broker, purchasing agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil
engineer, athlete, manager of a chain store, government official, manufacturer, or head of a school or
college.ManyartistsandactorswerealsobornunderLifePathnumber8.
19Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
01. Life Path Number - 8
It’s essential that number 8’s take on
a leadership role, which does not
have tobe in abusinessenvironment
but can instead involve inspiring
others.
Like the infinity symbol, number 8
represents an unlimited and never-
ending source of energy. Number 8’s
are also practical and have great
organizational skills.
Born to shoulder responsibilities,
number 8’s are rarely carefree and
apatheticindividuals.
Prominent energy
You always set very high standards for yourself and go to great lengths to uphold them. You
also strive to build a strong personal image, care deeply about what others think about you–
particularlyyour achievements –andlove toreceive compliments.
Number 8’s have incredible potential to turn even the most grandiose ideas and plans into
reality, as well as the perseverance to follow through with any project. Executive directors are
often born with Life Path number 8. You treat the people you lead with a combination of strong-
willed leadership andcompassionatefatherhood.
Work
At their core, individuals with Life
Path number 8 are workaholics.
You often analyze the people you
encounter to determine whether
they can assist you with carrying
outyour grandplans.
You concentrate on working hard
and utilizing the resources you
have to reach your goals. You
have the ability to recognize
others’ qualities and inspire them
tobecomebetter. Workaholic
This ability also helps you recognize that you need others’ assistance to reach your goals. Many
people with Life Path number 8 are exceptional leaders, the most successful among whom have
becomesomeoftheworld's wealthiest people.
You are able to help those working with you reach their full potential, because you do not accept
anything less than the best from them. You know how to make others believe in themselves,
followthroughwith plans, andstick tobudgets.
20Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
01. Life Path Number - 8
Strengths
You exhibit decision-making capabilities,
political talent, as well as the ability to skillfully
wield authority and power. Decisive and
commanding, you are adept at building
foundation, achieving recognition and exercising
judgment. Number 8’s also value justice and
honor.
You are able to maintain good ethics and
fairness. As such, you prefer the company of
important,credible andinfluential people.
Leadership capability
As a number 8, you should share your resources with others, for example, through philanthropic
work. When their energy is at its most positive, number 8’s can transform anything into money
and turn their visions into reality. Your determination and courage enable you to achieve
anything.Number8’s areambitious,enjoychallenges andalways want tobe thebest.
You are full of creativity and passion. Doing what brings your soul satisfaction and utilizing your
talents will enable you to succeed. You have the ability to bring about great positive changes to
others’lives.
Number 8’s are also extremely loving
friends who are loyal and devoted to
those they care about. Anytime they are
in need, number 8’s will not hesitate to
devote themselves to helping them
without askingforanything in return.
Gifted with courage, determination and
inborn leadership capabilities, number 8’s
have the potential to achieve great
success in any field, from finance,
banking,education,traveltoacting.
Weaknesses High living standard
The positive traits of individuals with Life Path number 8 can quickly turn negative if they are
unable to maintain a positive attitude. In the throes of work, you can sometimes become a
dictator who takes advantage of others for your personal gain, instead of inspiring them to follow
theirpaths.
Your focus on financial gains, as well as your pursuit of wealth and power can negatively affect
your health and your ability to care for your family and friends. You must be careful not to
becomeobsessedwith your plans. Youshould also becautious when tryingto getthebest outof
others.Ensurethatpeople have all theresourcestheyneedtomeetyour demands.
21Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
01. Life Path Number - 8
Number 8’s value quality very
highly, and therefore will only buy
high-end products rather than
cheap alternatives. Their dreams
are never small because they
always navigate towards the very
best. If they are not careful, number
8’s may lose their way due to an
overinflated ego, adopt a
materialistic lifestyle, or even
become passive. Number 8’s must
pay close attention to their hearts,
and pursue happiness on the basis
of wisdom, maturity and discipline
Unlimited potential
in ordertofulfillahigherpurpose.
Additionally, number 8’s can sometimes havetoohigh expectations for those aroundthem. They
also tend to work so hard as to undervalue their accomplishments. Learn how to be grateful for
andappreciative ofwhat you have achieved.
Possessing number 8’s energy, you are a highly ambitious person who has the ability to
organize, lead, instruct, and rule. You will go through ups and downs in life, which serve as
challenges that will hone your faith and power. Nothing and no one can prevent you from
fulfilling your mission.
• Highly energetic • Outspoken and straightforward
• Appearance-conscious • Determined and goal-driven
• Ambitious • Able to maintain balance between
career and family
• Excellent at managing finances for the future
• Independent and self-reliant
• Brilliant at administration and leadership thanks to
visions • High level of self-respect
• Concerned with quality of life • “Street-smart” rather than “book-
smart”
• Perceptive to business opportunities
• Willing to take risks
• Able to influence others
• Adept at replicating
• Practical
Learning how to manage financial matters and maintain balance
22Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
02. Balance Number - 6
The Balance Number indicates how
someone faces the difficulties and
challengesthatcometheirway inlife
People with Balance Number 6 prefer to handle things in a gentle and compassionate
manner, and therefore are susceptible to when it comes to pressure.
People with Balance Number 6 must learn how to stay alert, especially in situations
where their emotions are affected. Afterwards, you should seek advice from those who
have had the same experience, which will provide you with emotional support and
strength.
23Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
03. Destiny Number - 9
⮚ Your destiny is the role and responsibilities you must take on when you come to this world,
andwhatyoumustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny, you will find satisfaction and happiness, and create
incrediblevaluesforsocietyandyourcommunity.
Yourdestinyistoelevateandtransformtheway peoplethink.
Your mission is humanitarian in nature. You came to this world to give people unconditional
love, no matter how this manifests in your life. You become the best version of yourself
when you are able to take full advantage of your creativity, sensitivity, and altruism.
Number 9 is a powerful Destiny Number that demands you to learn how to transform and
heal (both yourself and others), as well as how to accept your past and sometimes even let it
go to make powerful steps forward.
Remember that you will receive more positive responses from others if you are able to
become an active and empathetic listener rather than a lecturer or preacher. Be careful with
the way you speak to avoid making people feel as if you are lecturing them.
Destiny Number 9 represents an extraordinary journey which will provide you with many
opportunities to make an impact on people’s lives and mend their deepest wounds.
Less fortunate souls often reach out to people with Destiny Number 9 in the hope of
receiving guidance. Open your heart and give them a warm welcome. Consider it a God-
given gift that enables you to practice “humanitarianism” in the best way possible.
24Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 1
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must become stronger and have more confidence in your abilities. Learn how to
be proactive, self-reliant and decisive. Use your intuition to make decisions and avoid
being dependent on the opinions of others. Do not concern yourself too much with
people’s expectations; instead, be proactive and assertive in the pursuit of your dreams
and ambitions.
25Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
05. Soul Urge Number - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 6 are willing to sacrifice their own happiness if it means
they can make someone else happy. You care about people more than their own family
and friends do. People with Soul Urge Number 6 extend their love to everyone: friends,
family, and even strangers who are in distress.
As an old saying goes, it is always better to give than it is to receive. You live to help
others and bring them joy and relief. You are more concerned for the lives of others than
you are for your own. This is how much you love people. The greatest pleasure you can
get occurs when you are able to help people solve whatever problem they are having at
the moment.
26Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
06. Birthday Number - 1
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personalitywithonthedayyouwere
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday
Number, you will find out which
environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
The Birthday Number 1 represents the sun – the beginning of all numbers – the foundation of
all things. As such, it is often described as the “leader of the numbers.” People with this
Birthday number are innately creative and imaginative. Opinionated and persuasive, you dislike
being restrained and rarely seek advice. Moreover, you prefer working alone independently.
Generally,peoplewithBirthday Number1donotrequire a manageror subordinates.
People with this birthday number are also highly ambitious. Within you lie a fierce resolve and a
strong willpower, which can sometimes cause people to consider you stubborn and obstinate.
Children with Birthday Number 1 will refuse to behave unless their demands are met. If they are
not taught how to satisfy their own needs, they will make a mess of everything. Dealing with
people who have Birthday Number 1, particularly children, requires a gentle approach, because
despite a tough exterior, they are actually quite sensitive. You have the potential to reach
incredibleheightsinyour lifeand career,especiallywithenoughsupportfromyour family.
People with Birthday Number 1 want to be in control of everything, and that includes their
emotions. To be able to do so, you must take full advantage of your mental capacity. People
with this Birthday Number take on an active role in relationships. You decide who to fall for and
will not give up until you are reciprocated… or lose interest. Generally, you are attracted to
exceptional people. People with Birthday Number 1 never fear rejections – simply because they
are number1’s.
27Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
07. Personality Number - 3
The personality number reveals what kind of impression you make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it describes the energy or characteristics that you are projecting to
theworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are a humorous, cheerful, energetic and
charming person.
People with Personality Number 3 are all beautiful, whether in their outward appearance
or their inner mind. But no matter which kind of beauty you may have, you are always
energetic and lively among any group of people you surround yourself with. You
constantly want to get others' attention in order to feel loved. It is easy for you to
accomplish this because people cannot help but be drawn to your beauty, be it on the
outside or inside.
People often feel like they can tell you anything even if they just met you at the first time.
As a result, others readily share business ideas with you, and business opportunities
frequently present themselves to you.
People with Personality Number 3 always want their talents to be recognized, and
therefore will do everything they can to showcase them to the world.
28Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 3
We always have certain views regarding ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge between your self-image and how others
perceiveyou.Thisnumbergivesyou advice on howtoadjustthewayyouareso that peopledo
notmisunderstand you.
You are a creative and artistic person. It’s fascinating talking to you so people often
want to associate with you. However, you are also very sensitive and will only confide
your innermost feelings to those closest to you. You should learn how to communicate
your emotions more clearly. Have confidence and showcase your talents to the world,
but be careful not to express yourself in an overbearing way.
29Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
09. Maturity Number - 8
The Maturity Number tells
you what you should do and
what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the
best of your abilities during
the most productive period of
your life, which is from the
ageof30to35.
In this period, you need to seek opportunities that allow you to make financial
investments or operate a business. In order to make profitable investments and run a
successful business, you need to constantly upgrade your skills and improve yourself.
This is also the time for you to hone your financial management ability. Avoid making
investments that are not based on your own knowledge, and spending money
unreasonably.
30Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 7
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
This number indicates that you are not determined enough at sharpening your
knowledge and expertise on a deeper level.
You need to be more demanding of yourself, and to observe and assess your own
abilities in order to make progress. You should also practice evaluating every problem
in a careful and in-depth manner. The inability to fully understand important issues can
lead to major failures in your career.
31Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
11. Rational Thought Number - 1
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
wayyouact instressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
You highly value uniqueness and logical thinking. You tend to come up with many
options or ideas and then, after careful deliberation, choose the most innovative ones.
Such an approach ensures that you make correct and far-sighted decisions that
contribute to your status as a powerful and ambitious person. Such a type of thinking
requires solid reasoning and confidence in oneself. You are a fan of a step-by-step
strategy that doesn't involve feelings or instincts. Your experience shows that emotions
are the worst companions when meditating on important thoughts. Independent
judgment and detailed reasoning always lead you to the best possible outcome.
32Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
12. Subconscious Self Number - 8
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles.TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyoumust cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
You need to develop the ability to adapt to unexpected situations. You must also rely
on your communication skills, connections, influence, and charms. When a problem
arises, if it is people-related, try to talk with those who are involved. Maintain a positive
attitude and try to show your interest in a peaceful outcome. In other situations, trust
yourself and don't be afraid to use your connections. Use your confidence and
determination to solve the problem.
33Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
34Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
13. Hidden Passion Number - 3
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
A talkative and energetic person, you enjoy being in the company of people. With the
drive you have, it is possible for you to become a successful YouTube star or blogger
because your enthusiastic and cheerful disposition can be irresistible. Your passion is
to share what you have and to be in constant action.
Despite being susceptible to mood swings, you can always find a way to cheer yourself
up because there is no point in staying grumpy for too long. You are witty and have an
exceptional mind, which is often expressed through the way you dress and talk. You
are also naturally gifted at sharing information or teaching, so all the skills you have can
be effectively communicated to everyone.
35Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
36Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
37Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
38Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
39Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2027)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
40Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
41Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
42Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
43Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 5
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
44Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
15. Personal Month
Number – 6
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
45Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 0 - age 28)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
46Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 28 - age 37)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
47Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 37 - age 46)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
48Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 46 - age 55)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
49Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
17. Challenge Number - 5
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
Duringthis period,itwillbevery difficultforyou to sit still.Youwillfeelthe desire to
change everything all at once, make risky choices and get into short-lived
relationships. The Challenge Number 5 encourages you to treasure everything you
have,controlyourselfbetter andstop wastingtimeonfleetingandtrivialpleasures.
You will be able to successfully traverse this unstable period by finding a shoulder
to lean on or a haven where you feel safe, which will motivate you to maintain self-
control. You must be more determined, and try to find unique ways of expressing
yourself.
50Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
51Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
52Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
53Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
54Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
55Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
56Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
57Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
58Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
59Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
60Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
61Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
62Full name: Beale William Caradus Nicholas Date of birth: 19/06/1981
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
63