YOW HIEN CHI RONALD
26/10/1971Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 2Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 3Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
"3-root" Personality Tree
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 4Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
A letter
Dear YOW HIEN CHI RONALD,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 15Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01 02 03
9 9 3
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
6 9 8
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
3 6 3
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2
Weaknesses you need to remedy
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 16Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
9 8 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
4,5,6,7,8 7,8,9 9,8,8,1
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
7,1,6,8
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 17Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out
the opportunities, challenges and lessonsthat you need to experiencein thislife. It also
indicateswhich direction your journeyof self-improvement shouldtake for you to attain
happiness.
People with Life Path number 9 are compassionate,
generous toward others, and can be dramatic when it
comestoemotions.
Every aspect of your life and being is influenced by
your strong humanitarian side. You have no shortageof
compassion and strive to make a difference in people's
lives.
You always have a strong sense of honor and can be
trusted with anything. You have virtually no prejudices
against anyone in your life. You are a person of
absolute integrity who never makes a biased judgment.
You arenotcontrolledbyyour emotions.
Your life purpose is to be of service to others. To be
capable of loving people without expectations and
judgment, you must go through many challenges and
difficultiesyourself.
Illuminating lighthouse
Number9is thelast numberoffinalization.
Energy of Number 9
Number 9 marks the point at which the numerical
series fully lights up. Its vibration is eternally
associated with the convergence of the numbers’
Unconditional giving finestqualities.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 18Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Secretknowledge
Number 9’s are highly intuitive when it comes to
people. Number 9 is often associated with knowledge
andhumanity.
Career
Suitable career paths for individuals with Life Path
number 9 include those that allow them to be of
service or bring people together, such as altruistic or
philanthropic work, social welfare, public service,
ministry, doctor, nurse, veterinarian, any other helping
professional, musician, artist, educator, ambassador,
or any other occupations that involve long-distance
communication. They have the potential to be good
interpreters and intermediaries thanks to their ability to
understandotherpeople’s emotions.
Education changer
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate.
Sense ofResponsibility
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate. While you cannot
possibly right every wrong in the world on your own,
your immense compassion will influence you to find
ways to help. Number 9’s elevated position in
relation to other single-digit numbers means that a
personal sense of responsibility to others has a
higherplacementonyour chart.
It’s easy for you to earn people’s respect and
devotion. They can always turn to you for guidance
and assistance when in need; if you can, help them
Humanitarianism tothebestofyour abilities.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 19Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
You are altruistic, imaginative and always eager to
participatein philanthropic, literaryorartisticwork.
While some people with Life Path number 9 succeed in
taking advantage of their material blessings, you are not
particularly interested in the pursuit of money, wealth or
power. Should you achieve financial success, you will use
it tohelp others.
In extreme cases, many people with Life Path number 9
even give up all of their material possessions in service of
the betterment of humanity. They may donate large
amounts of money to organizations that conduct
humanitarian or aid work. Their material generosity is
directly connectedtoagenerosityofselfandspirit.
Immense love
Strengths
Number 9’s are genuinely friendly, charming, altruistic and
imaginative people who have developed humanitarian
instincts, like to give - rather than take, and readily
participatein philanthropic, literaryandartisticworks.
You are a very warm and lovable person who possesses
unique charms and a wonderful personality, which enables
you to connect with anyone. Number 9’s tend to be kind-
hearted, unconditionally loving, and very patient and
understanding towards others. If you have Life Path
number 9, you are a compassionate humanitarian who is
able to spread the energy of love to people. You are also
Gratitude and Loyalty idealistic and strong-willed. You were born with a natural
ability to counsel and heal by delivering the values of love.
Your greatest goal is to elevate people’s consciousness of
humanistic values.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 20Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Strengths(continued)
There’s no limit to your imagination, and you like to give
rather than take. As a number 9, you have a captivating
personality, which enables you to fulfill your greatest
desires. Number 9’s have the ability to attain admirable
accomplishments and produce invaluable results or
products.
You lead people by setting examples; others model
themselves after you whether you are aware of this or
not. Your appeals come from how much people love you,
therefore, you should be conscious of your actions,
which serve as blueprints to others. You must be able to
doasyou say.
Your ideals will inspire others. Learning from you helps
themrecognizetheirown potential.
Generosity
Leaders with Life Path number 9 are also very
demanding of themselves and expect their own
performances to be in top shape. You have the ability to
elevate even the simplest and most ordinary things,
turning them into something meaningful and
extraordinary.
Number 9’s have keen eyes, are intelligent and quick-
witted, and can grasp the essence of a problem once
they have access to the bigger picture. You are an
enthusiastic and energetic person who lives their life to
thefullest.People feelwarm when theyarearoundyou.
Weaknesses
Exemplary leader Many number 9’s struggle with being selfless and giving
generously to others, and some even resist this natural
inclination, because they have yet to understand that
giving in to these tendencies of generosity can be
extremelyrewarding.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 21Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Weaknesses(continued)
If you have Life Path number 9, remember that it’s
not your obligation to help everyone; simply do the
best within your abilities and do not succumb to
guilt when you are unable to help. Furthermore,
you need to recognize when you can help in order
not to spread yourself too thin and to make a real
impactonothers'lives.
Number 9’s should be cautious about being too
impatient with those who are slow or keep thinking
and acting erroneously. If number 9’s are afflicted
with negative memories, it’s not easy for you to let
them go, which may cause you to lose your
passion for life and become emotionally
withdrawn. Take care not to become arrogant or
dishonest. Without appropriate guidance, you may
close off your mind, let your abilities go to waste
andlive alifewithout purpose.
Be careful not to fixate on your own and others’
shortcomings, which can cause you to become
controlling towards them. Instead of constantly
wanting to be in charge, you should shift your
focus towards creating love, beauty and
excellence. Your role in life is to bring a poetic
beautyandthemusicofhappiness totheworld.
When you are able to focus on positive things,
your negative emotions will disappear. Should you
be in a state of negative energy, you may become
stubborn, irritable and constantly in conflict with
others. Nevertheless, despite being quick-
tempered, you forget and forgive just as quickly.
Be careful; sometimes, being too high-strung can
lead to conflicts. Deep within you lies a certain
degree of fear and insecurity. Therefore, you need
to eliminate this fear and believe that you will be
cherished,understoodandloved.
Quintessence of numbers
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 22Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Possessing number 9’s energy, you were born to help others. You are compassionate and
always trytomakeadifferencein people’s lives.
• Eager to help • Considerate
• Adept at communication • Skilled in communicating with
people
• Able to earn trust easily
• Drawn towards humanistic and
• Forgiving and tolerant
educational careers
• Warm
• Has a broad perspective
• Intelligent
• Interested in the larger issues of
• Mature society
• Responsible • Concerned with changing the
perception of family members
• Intuitive
• Enjoys sharing
• Perfectionist with high standards
• Leadership spirit
Becoming a leader or someone who spreads humanistic values
to the world
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 23Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
02. Balance Number - 9
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces
the difficulties and challenges that come their way
inlife
People with Balance Number 9 never hesitate to
shoulder responsibilities and give others a helping
hand. In the face of hardships, they can maintain
the positive energy and enthusiasm.
They have a strong leadership spirit, and always
think and act with their teammates’ best interests
in mind. It will be a blessing for your team to have
a member with Balance Number 9.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 24Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
03. Destiny Number - 3
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to change people’s lives by using your way with words.
You must become someone who inspires others in a powerful way. You will fulfill your
highest purpose by leading a life that is full of optimism, enthusiasm, compassion and
joy.
Your positive qualities include beauty, uniqueness, excitement and fame. You will have
fulfilled your life purpose when you discover and express your true self, then inspire
others to do the same. If you abandon your dreams and neglect your natural talents,
you will struggle with depression and dissatisfaction. You must pursue your destiny,
focus on the things you have, place your trust in it and welcome it without reluctance.
Because number 3’s tend to provide you with a lot of talents and ideas, it can be
difficult for you to focus on any one thing, causing you to procrastinate or become
distracted. You must learn how to identify and recognize your emotions. Your
communication skills (using both written and spoken language), your intelligence and
wittiness, as well as your ability to listen and cheerful disposition will enable you to help
others.
You may struggle with mood swings and even face depression. You can sometimes be
unduly judgmental and skeptical towards others. You have a tendency to overthink,
therefore, try to relax your mind if you don't want to go insane.
Destiny Number 3 demands that you express yourself and help others do the same in a
positive and joyful manner. Career paths that involve communication and speaking will
bring you success. Stages, podiums and communal spaces are where people with
Destiny Number 3 belong.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 25Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
04. Life Path – Destiny
Connection Number - 6
This number tells you what you must
do to learn your life lesson and fulfill
yourdestiny.
People with Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 are creative innovators. You need
to constantly bring inspiration and a warm energy to others. If you excel at something,
build on and enjoy this ability, as you have the ability to make everything better. For you,
the key to success is to make constant improvements and become more open.
The Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 represents an artistic combination. There
is an artist inside you; do not suppress this potential. People with this number commonly
make the mistake of concealing their talents and take them for granted instead of
nurturing them. Not only can artistic talents bring you both financial success and spiritual
satisfaction, they can also become a source of motivation and inspiration for others.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 26Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
05. Soul Urge Number - 9
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind
what you do and how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you make and the way
youreacttoeverythingandeveryone aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you
make sense of every desire and dissatisfaction you
have, as well as give you the direction towards
success.
People with Soul Urge Number 9 always want
to solve the problems of just about everybody in
the world, whether it’s people they know or
complete strangers. The desire to be accepted
by others is one of the main reasons behind
how eager you are to help people. Your goals
are exclusively related to helping others. In
return, people with Soul Urge Number 9 simply
wish to be loved and appreciated for their
kindness and generosity.
You also have the need to feel like they've done
something meaningful in their lives by helping
those less fortunate. This is what you live for –
you often look for new problems to solve in
other people's lives.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 27Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
06. Birthday Number - 8
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number,
you will find out which environment
can enable you to fully harness your
wonderfulqualities.
According tothemajorityof Numerology documents, peoplewithBirthday Number 8tend tobe
skilled in business and financial management. However, their true potential is far greater than
just that. This is evidenced by the long list of celebrities who have this Birthday Number. Many
musiciansand actorswere born withBirthday Number8.
People with Birthday Number 8, no matter which month they were born in, are highly ambitious
and energetic, and have the potential to do great things. You are able to express your
intelligenceand emotions,thereby helpingyouachieveleadershipposition.
It’s hard work to maintain an amicable relationship with people who have Birthday Number 8.
Your life partner must understand and respect who you are as a person. You require absolute
freedom, as independence is one of the most important things to you. In romantic relationships,
you are willing to do anything for your significant other. Therefore, you should choose your life
partner very carefully.
People with Birthday Number 8 tend to have an intense personality. You can be deeply in love
with someone, but are often misunderstood because loving you is not easy. You sometimes
appearstoic despitebeing heavilyemotionalonthe inside,and dislikeexpressing yourfeelings.
You should direct all your focus on a specific goal and avoid being controlled by your emotions.
Once you have learned how to “go with the flow” and accept what happens to you instead of
resisting them, you will become happier and reach your goals more quickly. You are intelligent,
mentallyand spirituallystrong,artisticallytalented,and quite sentimental.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 28Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
07. Personality Number - 3
The personality number reveals what kind of impression you make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it describes the energy or characteristics that you are projecting to
theworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are a humorous, cheerful, energetic and
charming person.
People with Personality Number 3 are all beautiful, whether in their outward appearance
or their inner mind. But no matter which kind of beauty you may have, you are always
energetic and lively among any group of people you surround yourself with. You
constantly want to get others' attention in order to feel loved. It is easy for you to
accomplish this because people cannot help but be drawn to your beauty, be it on the
outside or inside.
People often feel like they can tell you anything even if they just met you at the first time.
As a result, others readily share business ideas with you, and business opportunities
frequently present themselves to you.
People with Personality Number 3 always want their talents to be recognized, and
therefore will do everything they can to showcase them to the world.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 29Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 6
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You are a sociable person to whom relationships are very important. Your cheerful and
motivated disposition inspires those around you. However, do not be naive and share all
your plans with others. This does not mean you should shut yourself off from people or
be overly cautious. You need to find people that you truly trust because this will be the
foundation of your success. Keep loved ones close to you as they can help you
destress, and remind yourself to display affection to others.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 30Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
09. Maturity Number - 3
The Maturity Number tells you what you should do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during the most productive period of your life, which is
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you must focus on personal branding. Number 3 is associated with
extraversion and social connections. The more time you spend among crowds, the more
successful you will be.
If you want to become a certain type of person, you should apply yourself fully to
cultivating and asserting your values. The whole universe will come together to assist you
in this endeavor in the best way possible.
In this period, people will listen to you and ask you for advice. Therefore, you need to
improve your communication skills so that everything you say makes an impact on
others.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 31Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 32Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
11. Rational Thought Number - 9
This is a special number that reflects the way
you think and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life path or
subconscious, and instead has to do with your
wayofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act
in stressful situations. It indicates the quality
of the solutions that you can come up with,
andthetypesof opportunitiesthatwillcometo
you.
Being attentive to details, you only think
about a few things at a time, and are
therefore never overloaded with
information. It is normal for you to think
about how to improve the current state of
affairs and how to change things for the
better. Your mind is always searching for
better solutions. You are intellectual and
have well-developed moral values.
People around you sometimes find you
difficult to understand because you tend to
have different life purposes from them.
Unlike you, they mostly think about their
own position and advantages, while you
often have the best interests of everyone in
mind. Your type of thinking can be
described as idealistic rather than realistic.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 33Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
12. Subconscious Self Number - 8
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles.TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyoumust cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
You need to develop the ability to adapt to unexpected situations. You must also rely
on your communication skills, connections, influence, and charms. When a problem
arises, if it is people-related, try to talk with those who are involved. Maintain a positive
attitude and try to show your interest in a peaceful outcome. In other situations, trust
yourself and don't be afraid to use your connections. Use your confidence and
determination to solve the problem.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 34Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 35Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2020)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 36Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2021)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 37Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2022)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 38Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 39Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 40Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 10/2022)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 41Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 11/2022)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 42Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 12/2022)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 43Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 0 - age 27)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 44Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 27 - age 36)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 45Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 36 - age 45)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 46Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 45 - age 54)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 47Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 48Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 49Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 50Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
17. Challenge Number - 8
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
If you have Challenge Number 8, you need to learn the lesson of moderation.You
may experience problems with interpersonal relationships.You have the ability to
work hard and be passionate about what you do, but if you care about the
materialworld too muchandspend all your energy there, it willbe hard for you to
overcome this challenge. Its purpose is to teach you how to value the things that
cannot be bought or sold. It is a lesson on how to appreciate real kindness, love,
friendship, sincerity, and care. If you manage not to take these things for granted
during thisperiod,youwillsucceed.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 51Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 52Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 53Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 54Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 55Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 56Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 57Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 58Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 59Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 60Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj – Former Senior Vice President and Head of
Strategy at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business
operationsin23countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
described exactly what I had been through. Having the Life Path
number1,Ialwayshadtheurgetobecomeagreatleader,andtohelp
otherleadersbecomebetteraswell.EverythingIhavebeenpursuingis
laidoutonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
mapis.Theinformationitprovides uswithisnotone-dimensional,but
WhatamazedmethemostisthatMapforSuccesswasindeedableto
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international
expansion. Andsure enough, thatwas whenI was working inover 50
countries.
Map for Success isa truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8
importanttotheirlives.”
Mrs.DangThuyHa-NorthernRegionDirectorofNielsenVietnam
“Map For Success has a lot of different numbers, each of which
representsacertainmeaning,butthemostinterestingandimportantthing
is the connection among numbers and first and last name, date of birth.
Therebytellingme:“WhereamI?Whatismyego?AmIontherighttrack?
WhatopportunitiesdoIneedtofocusoninthenearfuture?”
Forthismap,Ireallyhadtosay"I'monmyrighttrackwithmyMap
For Success". I am most interested in the destiny number, it shows that:
who you want to be, how much effort will you make to become that
person.” For me, the destiny number 1 represents the fierce desire to
become the best, the number one in my profession. It also shows its
responsibility to the community, helping others achieve success. This is
exactlywhatIdreamabout.
Map For Success is great because it can tell me whatmy milestones are,
where I am and what path I need to follow to reach my destination faster
and more successfully. This tool is suitable for both individuals and
organizations. For individuals, it helps us have a different vision, we will
standonotherpeople'sshoes,notfromourown.Fororganizations,itwill
be extremely suitable for leaders. Help leaders know how to motivate and
push the strengths of employees to be promoted, thereby work will be
moreproductive. Life Path Number: 3 –Destiny Number: 1
Map For Success is really a good tool to help you have a clear direction,
thereby perfecting yourself and becoming "who" in the shortest time in
workandlife.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 61Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 62Full name: YOW HIEN CHI RONALD Date of birth: 26/10/1971
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email: info@gein.vn
Phone number: 0345 268 799
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 63