Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan
18/04/1990Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19900418AC1U0N
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
01 02 03
5 4 1
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
4 7 9
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
3 4 6
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
9 7 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1,2,3 4,1,5,5
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
5,8,3,3
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
01. Life Path Number - 5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 5 is associated with the ultimate freedom,
as well as tremendous creativity and passion.
Discovering the unknown, both in reality and in
theirown minds,is number5’s strength.
You are oriented towards career paths that
involve constantly seeking changes and new
horizons.
Number 5’s believe everyone has the right to
freedomand constantlypursuethis ideal.
•
Extremely free-spirited
Energyof Number5
Number 5 lies at the center of the map and
therefore is associated with being multi-talented
and adaptable, and has the ability to bring other
numberstogether.
The symbol of number 5 is a pentagram that
constantly shines brightly and attracts the
attentionofthosearoundit.
Number 5 represents an extremely strong source
of energy. As a result, individuals with Life Path
number 5 usually find success from innovation
andcreativity. Creativity
19Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
01. Life Path Number - 5
Career
You should never settle for an occupation that
involves sitting still all day and doing the same
thing over and over. Doing boring administrative
work would truly spell a disaster for you. In such a
situation, you would no longer be an energetic
and passionate person, and instead become
jadedandcynical.
At work, you are daring, adaptable and assertive.
You need to be on a career path that constantly
taps into your creativity. The brightest minds
among number 5’s are capable of creating
wonderfully creative and imaginative bodies of
work. If you have readthe Harry Potter series, it is
very likely that you found yourself immersed in its
Challenge winner
magical world, which would be perfectly
understandable as J. K. Rowling is on the Life
Path 5herself.
Suitable career paths for number 5’s include those that allow freedom such as writer, reporter,
translator, editor, photojournalist, news anchor, tour guide; and those that involve creativity such
assales,marketing,advertising,andsoon.
Your adaptability, adventurous spirit, and abstract thinking ability will be of great benefit to you.
When life presents you with questions and mysteries, your curiosity drives you to find the
answers faster than anyone else. Do not fret; you are patient and resilient enough to crack the
codesanduncover treasure.
Other important keywords for number 5’s include adaptability and freedom. You are deeply
averse to stagnation and monotony. You are a tireless explorer who is captivated by new ideas
andforeigncultures.Courageis theonequality thatothersareenvious ofyou .
You have the ability to ignite passions within other people and push them towards greatness, as
number 5 is constantlyfull of energy andpassion.Sales maybeaperfect career pathfor you, as
your wit and amiable disposition enable you to bring motivation and joy to others. You are also
adept at selling ideas and concepts thanks to your ability to easily instill thoughts in people's
minds.
You possess charms that are able to captivate others. When you are in a good mood and full of
energy, you will naturally become the center of any crowds. Connecting people is your area of
expertise, which you can perform through any medium, including articles, books, videos, TV,
and so on. You are adept at using communication channels to connect people, gather
information and spread messages. Number 5’s are frequently team leaders who are excellent at
bringingpeople together,which enables themtobecomeexcellent salespeople.
20Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
01. Life Path Number - 5
Strengths
You are able to put forward ambitious plans and
innovative ideas full of imagination. You are
open-minded, adaptable and like constant
changes. Action-oriented, inquisitive and
resourceful, you have the ability to devise
multiple effectivesolutions toaproblem.
Number 5’s are compassionate people who
easily sympathize with those in need. Deep
within them lies a strong motivation to help
othersescapepovertyandsuffering.
Captivativeattraction
Weaknesses
You should develop a mechanism that prevents
you from becoming bored and frustrated when
facing an obstacle. Additionally, be careful not to
become confused from possessing too many
ideas, talents,and abilities.
Another weakness that you need to look out for is
an excessive desire for freedom. You may find
yourself repeatedly moving or traveling in order to
find inspiration. You can also be frequently
switching jobs or changing your mind as the
grass is always greener on the other side to you.
Furthermore, you need to keep your emotions
under control and avoid mood swings from
Center of numbers
extreme highs to extreme lows. Many number 5’s
struggle in their career or love life duetothe need
forconstantchanges.
21Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
01. Life Path Number - 5
Wordsof advice
Once number 5’s have understood their inquisitive
nature and desire to conquer new frontiers, they
need to establish self-discipline. The higher the
degree of discipline and ethics they are able to
maintainforthemselves, theclosertheygettowards
success. You must stay determined in the pursuit of
your goals no matter how many hardships and
obstaclescomeyour way.
You should not be so adventurous as to disregard
the feelings of those around you. Do not let yourself
be dominated by your own ambitions. Number 5’s
need enough personal space to spread their wings,
but should always keep in mind the responsibilities
thatanadult is supposedtotake.
Prominent businessman You should seize every opportunity to shine
anytime and anywhere you can, as you were born
with the ability to radiate a strong field of energy
aroundyou. Takeadvantageofthiswonderfulgift.
You have great potential to become successful as long as you are determined to utilize your
creative talents to be of service to humanity. Should number 5’s be able to fully apply
themselvesandforgotrivial pleasures,itis certainthattheywill maketheirmark!
• Free-spirited and creative • Intelligent • Charming and able to
bring people together
• Adaptable • Able to seize
opportunities • Always ahead of the
• High level of energy
curve
• Graceful manners
• Desire to conquer the world
• Rich imagination
• Positive and cheerful
• Willing to take risks
• Open-minded and
• Excellent at selling products
liberal
and services
• Compassionate
• Resourceful and adept at
problem-solving
Learning how to stay determined and have self-discipline
22Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
02. Balance Number - 4
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 4 are
always cautious and disciplined when it
comes to their work. They are also very
demanding and have high standards.
When people with Balance Number 4
encounter new knowledge, they always
want to make detailed analysis and ask
as many questions as it takes to get to
the rootof the matter.
Every team needs a member with
Balance Number 4 to be able to perform
systematic work that requires careful
assessment.
23Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
03. Destiny Number - 1
Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take
on when you come to this
world,and what you must doto
bebeneficialtoit.
Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find
satisfactionandhappiness, and
create incredible values for
societyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to transform people into leaders.
Your mission is to become a leader in whichever career path you are passionate about
and excel at. You love power and want to be the best at what you do. You have very
high expectations both for yourself and for others.
Your purpose is to lead and pioneer – people with Destiny Number 1 are always full of
life and are usually the center of attention. You are courageous, tend to act
independently according to your creative ideas, like innovation and have a strong sense
of responsibility. You communicate and act with clarity and compassion.
Destiny Number 1 will bring you life experiences that allow you to explore yourself and
eliminate self-doubts. You must stay determined and never let any obstacle or barrier
get in the way towards realizing your vision. You are able to keep work and play
separate. In order to reduce stress, you will need to follow an exercise regimen.
Destiny Number 1 indicates that, whether you are doubting yourself or do not have the
courage to use your powers, it is still your destiny to become a leader. You must
express your uniqueness and leadership talents in order to guide others. Destiny
Number 1 demands that you grow from a dependent person into a self-reliant one,
then develop individuality, become accomplished and finally be a pioneer.
24Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 4
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You need to learn how to think more pragmatically, as well as how to manage your time
and plan for your life. Working hard and focusing on a specific field will bring you
success. You must also learn how to keep up with the changing world around you.
You must not procrastinate or give up. Determination and perseverance will help you
achieve success and find happiness.
25Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
05. Soul Urge Number - 7
TheSoul UrgeNumberrevealsthe
reason behind what you do and
how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you
make and the way you react to
everything and everyone around
you.
This is a very important number
as it can help you make sense of
every desire and dissatisfaction
you have, as well as give you the
directiontowardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 7 make decisions after careful deliberation based on
facts and statistics. You tend to avoid taking reckless risks without assessing potential
consequences. They constantly want to learn more. Your overall goal in life is to gain as
much knowledge as you can.
Rather than making assumptions, people with Soul Urge Number 7 only believe in
things that are based on facts and scientific evidence, which makes it hard for you to
believe in what people say, especially those you don’t know. You prefer getting to know
someone as much as possible before opening up to and placing your trust in them.
Those around you tend to be trusting of you as you are mindful and candid. Therefore,
your opinions are often held in higher regard than others’.
You sometimes enjoy being alone in privacy, or spending time in nature, for example in
the ocean or on mountains.
26Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
06. Birthday Number - 9
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has blessed
yourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want
otherstoperceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, youwillfindout
which environment can enable you to fully harness
yourwonderfulqualities.
People with this birthday number are sensitive but also very
logical. You have great intuition and a comprehensive way of
thinking. You also tend to be well-educated and well-read. You
are highlyperceptive and can always make sense ofthe events
in your life. Based on the experience you have gained, you are
usuallyable todrawaccurate conclusions.
You can easily forgive the mistakes both you and others make
because you assess situations from a philosophical
perspective. People with Personality Number 9 tend to be
perfectionists who always want the best thing in life. You are
very demanding, not only to yourself but also to those around
you.
You are highly affectionate; even though it’s not easy for you to
fall for someone or make new friends, you will be very serious
with the relationships once you have done so. It can also be
problematic how charming you are, because being too
infatuated with you can make the other person lose their
senses.Inromanticrelationships,youprefertobeseduced and
controlled bytheotherperson.However,this unusualtendency
isnotproblematic toyourlovelife.
People with Birthday Number 9 are usually smart enough to
learn from their mistakes, as well as the mistakes they see
others make. You are willing to sacrifice yourself for people.
You like to do good deeds and tend to spend a lot of time
doingphilanthropic workorhelpingthoseinneed.
People with Birthday Number 9 are deeply affectionate, have
clearideals,anddesiretorighteverywrongintheworldoreven
bring happiness to everyone. You are also quite idealistic and
passionate. You have more creative talents than anybody else.
It can be said that the universe favors you a little too much,
because as long as you apply yourself fully in your life and
career – without being greedy and overambitious – you will be
rewarded quitegenerously.
27Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
07. Personality Number - 3
The personality number reveals what kind of impression you make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it describes the energy or characteristics that you are projecting to
theworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are a humorous, cheerful, energetic and
charming person.
People with Personality Number 3 are all beautiful, whether in their outward appearance
or their inner mind. But no matter which kind of beauty you may have, you are always
energetic and lively among any group of people you surround yourself with. You
constantly want to get others' attention in order to feel loved. It is easy for you to
accomplish this because people cannot help but be drawn to your beauty, be it on the
outside or inside.
People often feel like they can tell you anything even if they just met you at the first time.
As a result, others readily share business ideas with you, and business opportunities
frequently present themselves to you.
People with Personality Number 3 always want their talents to be recognized, and
therefore will do everything they can to showcase them to the world.
28Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 4
We always have certain views regarding
ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a
bridge between your self-image and how others
perceive you. This number gives you advice on
how to adjust the way you are so that people do
notmisunderstand you.
Nature is very good for you. Spend time outdoors to enjoy moments of tranquility.
You must learn how to be more self-disciplined and how to work in a systematic
manner. Start by following even the simplest principles like being punctual or keeping
promises. You will not be able to succeed without being methodical and disciplined in
your career.
29Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
09. Maturity Number - 6
The Maturity Number tells you what
you should do and what to focus on
in order to advance your career to
the best of your abilities during the
most productive period of your life,
whichisfromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you should choose a path that enables you to be of service to others,
specifically by looking out for and taking care of them. The number 6 reminds you to
work tirelessly, and devote yourself entirely to uplifting people.
You should spend quality time with your family and community. You can do philanthropic
work that helps those less fortunate feel loved.
30Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
32Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
11. Rational Thought Number - 9
This is a special number that reflects the way
you think and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life path or
subconscious, and instead has to do with your
wayofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act
in stressful situations. It indicates the quality
of the solutions that you can come up with,
andthetypesof opportunitiesthatwillcometo
you.
Being attentive to details, you only think
about a few things at a time, and are
therefore never overloaded with
information. It is normal for you to think
about how to improve the current state of
affairs and how to change things for the
better. Your mind is always searching for
better solutions. You are intellectual and
have well-developed moral values.
People around you sometimes find you
difficult to understand because you tend to
have different life purposes from them.
Unlike you, they mostly think about their
own position and advantages, while you
often have the best interests of everyone in
mind. Your type of thinking can be
described as idealistic rather than realistic.
33Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
34Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
35Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
36Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2024)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
37Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
38Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
39Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
40Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
41Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
42Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
43Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 2
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
44Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 3
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
45Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 0 - age 31)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
46Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 31 - age 40)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
47Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 40 - age 49)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
48Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 49 - age 58)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
49Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
17. Challenge Number - 5
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
Duringthis period,itwillbevery difficultforyou to sit still.Youwillfeelthe desire to
change everything all at once, make risky choices and get into short-lived
relationships. The Challenge Number 5 encourages you to treasure everything you
have,controlyourselfbetter andstop wastingtimeonfleetingandtrivialpleasures.
You will be able to successfully traverse this unstable period by finding a shoulder
to lean on or a haven where you feel safe, which will motivate you to maintain self-
control. You must be more determined, and try to find unique ways of expressing
yourself.
50Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
17. Challenge Number - 8
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
If you have Challenge Number 8, you need to learn the lesson of moderation.You
may experience problems with interpersonal relationships.You have the ability to
work hard and be passionate about what you do, but if you care about the
materialworld too muchandspend all your energy there, it willbe hard for you to
overcome this challenge. Its purpose is to teach you how to value the things that
cannot be bought or sold. It is a lesson on how to appreciate real kindness, love,
friendship, sincerity, and care. If you manage not to take these things for granted
during thisperiod,youwillsucceed.
51Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
52Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
53Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
54Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
55Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
56Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
57Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
58Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
59Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
60Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
61Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
62Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
63Full name: Nguyen Pham Ngoc Ngan Date of birth: 18/04/1990
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
64