Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Francisco An Hạ ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
7 6 22
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
3 9 3
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
22 5 11
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
2,4,7
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
3 6 1
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,7,1,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
6,1,5,5
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number 7 represents a profound way of thinking, the spirit of learning, as well as the ability to make
sound evaluations and judgments. Intelligent and curious, your child can learn anything very quickly.
They tendto have differentinterests from other childrenof their age,andpay attentionto details that
evenadultsdonotnotice.
Your child constantly asks “Why?” because they want to get to the bottom of everything. Whenever
they become interested in something, they will keep asking questions until they understand it
completely, or explore and investigate the matter themselves. They can analyze and connect
informationveryquickly,whichhelpsthemarriveatconclusionsthataresurprisinglyaccurate.
They are very capable of self-studying and maintaining focus. They can organize their studying
schedules andlearning space themselves;messy as it may seem, they always remember exactly where
things are. When approaching a new problem, they tend to observe and think carefully before getting
their hands dirty. They also have an excellent memory and a kind heart, despite being reserved and
appearingdistanttoothers.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 7
STRENGTHS
Your child loves learning and exploring; the more they explore, the more interested they become. They
wantto be left alone to study aboutanddelve into the topics they are interested in. Whenthinking about
something,theyareextremelyfocusedandwillnotappreciatebeingdisturbed.
They approach everything in a cautious and careful manner. They tend to observe from a distance, then
gatherandevaluateinformationcarefullybeforegettingtheirhandsdirty.Oncetheyhavestarted,theywill
remainfocuseduntilthetaskiscomplete.Theyalsohaveanexcellentmemorythankstotheirbrain’sability
to organize and connect information. As a result, they can quickly draw accurate conclusions from
combining the information they receive from the surrounding environment with their own pre-existing
knowledge.
Your child has a very profound and comprehensive way of thinking, as well as a kind and loving heart.
Despitetheirgood-natured,taciturnandreservedexterior,theyareverystrongandassertiveontheinside.
Theydonottrustpeopleeasily–theymustconsidereveryanglethoroughlybeforemakingtheirdecisionin
anysituation.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
At younger ages, your child might make you feel slightly irritated at how much they ask “Why” out of the
need to get to the bottom of everything. However, as they grow older, they will eventually learn how to
discovertheanswerontheirownwithoutneedingyoutogiveittothem.
Your child can sometimes be aloofanddistant to those around them because they needpersonal space to
focus,whichmaylead theirfriends to findthemunapproachable, demandingand difficult to connect with.
Being lost in their own thoughts can also make them struggle to open up and become inflexible in social
situations due to a lack of experience interacting with strangers. Because of this, they can have poor
communication and diplomatic skills. They also rarely express themselves and tend to be stressed when
theyareforcedtodoso.
Your child tends to be more mature than other children of their age. Whenever they have to make a
decision, they must give it a lot of thought and evaluation, which can make them miss out on the
opportunity to experience new things and challenge themselves. They are quite skeptical and usually
require first-hand experience to believe something, which can make them inflexible, rigid and
unimaginative.Theycanalsobe put underpressure by the highdemandsandstandardsthatthey have for
themselves.
33
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 7
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Whenyourchildisstillyoung,youshouldalreadyencouragethemtodevelopthehabitofself-studying
by exploring things yourself andthenteaching them to do so withyou. When they exhibitinterests or
passion for a subject, you should enable them to study extensively about it so that their love for
learning and curiosity canbe satisfied. You should also respect their personal space and provide them
with a conducive environment where they can study whenever they want. However, you should also
teachthemhowtomakesensiblestudyplansinordertoavoidbeingburntoutoraffectedemotionally
fromover-exertingthemselves.
When your child has to make an important decision, you should be patient and provide enough data
forthemtobeableto doitthemselves.Aftereveryexperience,youcanaccompanytheminreflecting
on the process and learning the necessary lessons. At the same time, you should enable them to
interact withthe outside worldand be more social inorder to open up and gainself-confidence. They
are kind-hearted and altruistic by nature, so you can encourage them to take part in philanthropic
worktohelpthembemoremagnanimoustothemselvesandtoothers.
34
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 7
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Has great self-studying skills, able to maintain focus, likes investigating and researching
• Strives to constantly improve themselves
• Has a profound way of thinking, keen perception and excellent judgment.
• Conducts careful deliberation and evaluation before making decisions
• Has a sound world view
• Able to strategize and make plans to reach goals
LESSON
Life Path Number 7 indicates that your child must learn how to become an expert who has a
profound way of thinking, expansive knowledge and excellent judgment.
35
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 6
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to understand people and recognize the root cause of the problems they
encounter.However,theycansometimesbetoodependentontheirfriendsandfamilywhenevertheir
life becomes difficult. Therefore, you should help them learn how to be self-reliant, assume
responsibilityandfacehardshipsinamorematuremanner.Theyneedtofullyharnesstheiremotional
intelligence,honestyandmagnanimitytosolveproblemsdirectlyandeffectively.
61
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 22
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomeacreatorofgreatvaluesandanarchitectofgrandprojects.Theyhave
thevisionofastrategist,thepracticalwayofthinking ofatechnician,andthewillpowerofawarrior.
Even from a young age, your child shows themselves to be a daring and ambitious person who can
dreambig.Theywanttochangetheworldaroundthemandmaketheiruniquemark.OfalltheDestiny
Numbers, number 22 has the most potential for success. However, having dreams or ambitions that
aretoobigcansometimesmakethemanxiousandafraid;theybecomedoubtfulaboutthemselvesand
their own abilities. Notably, if number 4’s energy is dominant, they will limit themselves and try to
settleforasafeandstablelifesituation,eventhoughtheyfeelconflictedandunsettledontheinside.If
thatisthecase,youmustconsistentlygivethemmotivationandencouragement,aswellashelpthem
make plans and break down goals in order to take steps towards success and avoid giving up or
becomingdemotivatedmidwaythrough.
Generallyspeaking,theyareverylikelytobecomesuccessfulthankstotheirexcellentleadershipskills,
exceptional willpower and impeccable self-discipline. You should enable them to hone their ability to
organize and structure their work, and maintain self-discipline for extended periods of time.
Additionally, their rigid and practical way of thinking can make them materialistic, apathetic and
indifferent to other people’s problems. You need to be cautious of this and orient them towards
projectsthatbenefitthecommunityandcreatelong-lastingvaluesforthefuture.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 3
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 3 indicates that your child needs to develop
their communication skills and become more confident in themselves in order to
improvetheirimageintheeyesofothers.Theyalsoneedtocontroltheiremotionsand
letpeople knowwhatthey think insteadof keeping itinside. Only by doingso canthey
maintaina positive,cheerful and optimistic attitude no matter what problems they are
facingintheirlife.
You should pay attention to your child everyday to understand their feelings, teach
themhowtocommunicateeffectively,andenablethemtoexpressthemselvesmoreso
thattheycandevelopself-confidence.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 9
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
SoulUrgeNumber9indicatesthatyourchildisaffectionate,altruistic,sympatheticandmagnanimous.
Theyhaveadeepunderstandingof humanity,canalwaysseethebestinotherpeople,andareableto
give them useful perspectives and advice. As a result, they tend to be well-liked and respected, and
have the potential to become a great humanitarian or philanthropist. They are also naturally gifted at
thearts,music,andperforming.
However, being too much of a perfectionist can lead them to become unreasonably demanding of
themselvesandothers.Youneedtohelpthem understandthattheyshould notexpectotherstobeas
dedicatedas they are,andmust notlet disappointment turninto bitterness andanger. They are quite
sensitive and retain memories very well, so you should avoid criticizing and reprimanding them, or
comparingthemtoothers,whichcanmakethemself-consciousanddevelopanegativeself-image.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 3
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 3indicates thatyour childischarismatic andpositive,andtherefore caneasilycharm
and impress other people. Outgoing and drawn towards exciting and joyful things, they are naturally
gifted in many areas related to creativity and self-expression. You can activate and nurture these gifts
byencouragingthemtoread,singorwriteinordertodeveloptheirlinguisticskills,andsigningthemup
forclassesthatteachself-expressionskillssuchasbeingapresenter.
Having an intuitive way of thinking and a rich imagination, your child is able to radiate joy and
happiness everywhere they go. They are also highly intelligent, adaptable and creative. Therefore, you
shouldfocusondevelopingtheirimaginative,artistic,musicalandothercreativeabilities.
However,itcanbeeasyforyourchildtomissoutonopportunitiestogrowiftheylackself-confidence,
or procrastinate and spread themselves too thin to the point that they are unable to complete every
task. Beware that they easily become fixated on new experiences, as well as their interests and
passions. You should focus on teaching them how to set appropriate priorities, and avoid criticizing or
sayingharshwordstothem,becausedoingsocannegativelyimpactthedevelopmentoftheirskills.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 22
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
WithPersonalityNo.22,yourchildisperceivedasareliableandtrustworthykid.Theycaneasilygaintrust
from their friends in all activities at school, whether knowledge or other skills. Therefore, they are often
entrustedtoimportantpositionssuchasclassmonitor,vice-monitor,etc.
People also recognize them as a person with a high sense of responsibility and always doing his best in
jointactivities.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 5
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
Thisnumberindicatesthatyourchildshouldbecomemoreflexibleandcreativeinrelationshipsorwhen
appearinginfrontofothers.Eventhoughjoyfulnessandpositivitywillhelpthemattracttheattentionof
others, they also need to be responsible for the opinions they express, and avoid changing their mind
constantly when communicating with those around them. This will help them have more self-respect
and others will also respect them more. Your child should demonstrate confidence, enthusiasm and
flexibility in every communication opportunity. Sometimes, they also need to get over the desire to
maintaintheiropinionsandavoidsituationswheremisunderstandingscanarise.Theyshoulddetermine
whatisimportantandwillhelpthemachievesuccess.
15
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 11
TheMaturityNumberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
Maturity Number 11 indicates that during this period, your child should
become an independent and self-reliant person who can stand on their own
feetandprovideguidancetoothersthroughtheirabilitytoconnectwith,listen
to and understand people. By doing so, they will be able to establish
themselves as someone who can inspire, motivate and guide others. The only
person they should rely on is themselves. The more accomplished they
become,themoreimpacttheywillhaveonthosearoundthem.
Youshouldencourageyour childto believe inthemselvesinorder to findtheir
life purpose, identify what they have to offer to the world, attract people to
themandformsocialrelationships.
28
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 4
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 4 indicates that your child might be lazy and refuse to do things that they
deem boring and tedious. You should avoid being lenient, explain to them the value of completing
tasksandteachthemgoodhabitssuchasputtingtheirtoysawayafterplayingwiththem,makingtheir
bed after waking up or put things where they are supposed to be through the use of timetables and
alarms.
Your child will also need guidance on how to organize their personal affairs, make plans in their daily
life, analyze and evaluate processes, and adapt to changes, so that they can harness their positive
qualitiesinanyenvironment.
34
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 7
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 7 indicates that your child might lack determination in expanding their
knowledge and honing their expertise on an advanced level. Therefore, you should promote the love
oflearninginthemandcomplimenttheireffortstohelpthemgainself-confidence.
Your child needs to learn to be demanding of themselves by monitoring and evaluating their own
abilities in order to move forward. You should also teach them the habit of meticulously assessing
every problem on a profound level, because not having a deep understanding of important issues can
leadtofailuresintheirfuturecareer.
37
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 3 indicates that your child has a quick and unique way of thinking;
the ideas that they can come up with often surprise others. Faced with a problem, they tend
to have a lot of ideas. When working among a group of friends, they always have unique,
creativeandinnovativethoughts.
This type of thinking will become evenmore prominentas your childmatures,which enables
them to come up with many unique ideas and solutions. The deeper they look, the more
possibilities and opportunities they can create in places no one else could think of. Theirs
represents an innovative type of thinking and outlandish approaches. However, sometimes
theirideasarestillinfluencedbyemotionalfactors.
42
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 6
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious Self Number 6 indicates that your child always turns their attention to their family, which is
the originof all of their joysandsorrows. Their decisions alwaysinvolve family;their instinctandintuition
areparticularlysensitivewhenitcomestofamily.
This number will become even stronger if you can create an environment where family members are
alwaysloving,intimateandconnectedtowardsoneanother,whichwillserveasasourceofmotivationfor
your child; they will constantly strive to achieve goals for the sake of their loved ones. However, to avoid
making them feel pressured, you should also encourage them to pursue their own goals and take care of
themselves while feeling confident in the fact that family will always be a solid support system, a safe
havenwheretheycanfeelsafe,andalaunchingpadforalloftheirdreams.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER – 1
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child constantly wants to make their own decisions, and to become a
leader or a pioneer. When they receive other people’s trust, this number will
give them the willpower and determination they need to reach their goals.
They also like to express themselves and never shy away from taking
responsibilityfortheirchoices.
Ifyourchildcanutilizetherobustresourcesthey havetoharnessthe powerof
Hidden Passion Number 1, they will be able to become a leader in the future.
However,intheprocessofpursuingtheirpassion,theyshouldalsotakeothers’
views into consideration, which will give them the right idea of what direction
theyshouldtake.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 7
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
PersonalMonthNumber7isthetimeforyourchildtofocusonthingsthattheyareinterestedinorwant
to explore. During this period, being able to do so will help them be calm, happy, and regain balance,
which allows them to come up with new ideas that canimprove their life. Being independent and doing
things on their own might be a challenge for them, but life will inevitably demand these qualities from
them, so you should help your child develop them during Personal Month Number 7. Moreover, you
shouldspendthistimeaccompanyingthemintakingalookattheplanstheyhavefortheirstudyortheir
lifeinordertoseeifthereisanythingtheyneedtoadjustorrestructure.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 8
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child will feel energized. This is the time for them to wrap up the projects they
have started and focus on reaching the finish lines. Even the smallest effort will still be able to bring
concreteresults,soyoushouldmakesurethattheysetappropriateprioritiesfortheirpersonallife.
If there is anything your child has long wantedto do but never hadthe courage,time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, they can only achieve results with enough inspiration and
motivation. Therefore, you need to support them in their efforts to reach their goals. Additionally, you
shouldgivethemenoughtimetorestandrelaxaftertheyhaveworkedorstudiedhard.
85
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 3
(age 0 - age 29)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for your child during this period, as whether they
are successful or not all depends on their communication skills. Should they be able to match the energy
ofnumber3,theywill“speakoutmoney.”Thisisalsothelessontheymustlearnduringthistime,whichis
tofocusonimprovingtheirlinguisticabilities.Tothisend,they mustcommunicatemoreandtakecourses
on subjects like presentation or public speaking so that they can use language in a more flexible and
precise way. This is because their communication skills and energy will make many people want to work
withthem.
In order to constantly maintain an optimal level of energy, your child will need to spend more time
exercising, listening to music, taking lessons on how to motivate themselves, etc. They should also
participate in many community activities or need to appear in public because their positive energy and
communicationskillswillhelpthemattractothersandleaveagreatimpressiononthem.
During this time, your child will really want to delve into the things they like or yearn to express
themselves.Theirtalentswillbringthemfinancialgains,fame,or publicappreciation.If PinnacleNumber
3 occurs when they are still young, you should help them adopt a positive and creative mindset and
develop their linguistic skills in order to seize opportunities as they appear. Even before a Pinnacle
Number 3 arrives, nurturing and utilizing these skills regularly will still provide them with the potential to
succeed.
89
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 29 - age 38)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 1
(age 38 - age 47)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodfor yourchildto prove themselvesandstandontheir ownfeetto improve every aspectof
theircareer.Theirwillpowerisgoingtobetestedbymanyhardshipsandchallenges.
During this period, your child must set clear goals for their life and fully commit themselves to reaching
them. Should they manage to accomplish this, they will be able to establish a career for themselves,
because Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working independently or opening their own business. If
suitable resources and opportunities are available to them, they should be determined to launch a
company,storeorproduct.Shouldtheymanagetodoso,theirnextcycleisboundtobeagreatone.
Yourchildwillhavetolearntwomajorlifelessons,whichinclude“leadingthemselvesandleadingothers.”
No matter what role they might take in their career or personal life, there will be times when they are
given great responsibilities or the position of managing, leading and guiding others. They need to take
initiativeandbewillingtoassumethesedutiesbecausetheywillteachthemlessonsonleadership.During
Pinnacle Number 1, if they insist on declining responsibility, it’s very likely that they will experience the
challengesandlessonsofnumber1.
This is a time of revelations, new experiences, and challenges, which may occur in fields that your child is
unfamiliar with,butthey shouldtake all the opportunities theygetinorder to gainas muchexperience as
theycan.Duringthisperiod,theyneedto haveenoughwillpower anddeterminationtopursuetheir goals
inordertoachievethebestresults.Ifyoucanteachthemhowtosetgoalsandthinkindependentlyfroma
youngage,theywillbeabletoovercomeanyhardships.Thechallengestheyfacewillhelpthembuildself-
confidenceandhonetheirskills.
87
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 47 - age 56)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER- 6
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 6 is associated with your child’s responsibilities to their family. Your child must learn
howtomaintainbalancebetweenthemselves,theirfamilyandtheircareer.Theyshouldbemoreloving,
caringandempathetictowardsthosearoundthem.
Your child can sometimes have extremely high expectations for themselves and those around them. If
this is the case, they should try to be less judgmental, critical and demanding of themselves and others.
Instead, they should open up and communicate their thoughts in order to receive others’ affection and
understanding inreturn.Familyiswheretheyneedtobuildasolidfoundationfirst.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Francisco An Hạ
12/09/2020
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 5
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is associated with issues that are related to flexibility, adaptability and
breakthroughs. Your child will needto make back-to-back changes, make risky choices,and break outof
theircomfortzonetoseizethenewopportunities thatcomeintotheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is also a reminder that your child must learn to appreciate what they have, have
better self-control and avoid wasting so much time on fleeting pleasures or emotions that they neglect
theirgoals.
At work, your child needs to be more determined and find unique ways to express themselves. They
should freshen themselves up, change the way they work or manage, and be more flexible and creative
whenitcomestoimplementation.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43