Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Lê Quốc Hiệp ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
3 1 3
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
0 1 7
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
2 1 6
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
1,2,4
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
9 6 3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,3,1,5
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
2,2,0,4
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Representing an everlasting flame, Number 3 is the first of the Creative numbers. It is also associated
withtheimageofanisoscelestriangle,whichsymbolizescreativity,discoveryandconstantgrowth.
Your child is highly energetic and charismatic. They constantly want to express their opinions and
thoughts about everything around them. They are also very active, like to explore and can be on the
movealldaywithoutfeelingtired.
Yourchildtendstodisplayacheerfulandoutgoingpersonality,aswellasagreatsenseofhumoranda
charmingstyleofcommunication.Theyhaveexcellentdebatingandreasoningskills.Theywillstandby
theiropinionsuntiltheendiftheyperceivethemtoberight.
Highly creative, your child is naturally talented at arts and crafts, painting or composing music. They
alsopayalotofattentiontotheirappearanceandknowhowtopresentthemselveswell.
16
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER- 3
STRENGTHS
Yourchildisverytalkativeandenjoyscommunicatingwithothers,whichenablesthemtoexpresstheir
opinionsinaclearandreasonablemanner,andtocomeoutontopindebates.Theyarealmostalways
cheerfulandanimated,whichbringjoytothosearoundthem.
Your child likes exploring, experiencing new things and being constantly active, and is therefore very
intelligent, quick-witted, perceptive and creative. They can easily adapt to an unfamiliar environment
andeventeachandguideotherstodothesame.
Your child usually stands out from other children of the same age thanks to their ability to
communicate with, persuade and appeal to any crowd. They also know how to present themselves in
ordertohaveadistinctive,uniqueandattractiveappearance.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Your child’s energy level can sometimes be excessive, which means they are so chatty and active that
others become tired from trying to keep up with them. When things do not go their way, they easily
losetheirtemperandevenlashout.However,theywillnotstaythatwayforlongandlightenuprather
quickly.
Due to your child’s ability to reason and debate, you may find that they talk back to you too much for
your liking. In an argument, they tend to be overly competitive and adamantly defend their views
insteadoftakingthereasoningsofotherpartiesintoconsideration.
17
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldgivethem the freedom to beactive and exploreasmuchasthey wantbecausethatis how
theygettoknowtheworldaroundthemandreleasethelargeamountofenergytheyhave.Youshould
also pay attention to nurturing their artistic or creative talents, and encourage them to participate in
activitiesthatinvolveputtingonaperformancesuchasmusic,actingorpublicspeaking.
Additionally, you should be a role model for your child regarding how to listen to other people and
respect their feelings. When they become angry, you should patiently explain the situation to them
and help them release their anger in a healthy manner. They particularly love receiving compliments,
soyoushouldsparenoencouragementandrecognitionwhenever theyaccomplishsomething.
Youcanalsodevelopyourchild’slinguisticskillsbyencouragingthemtoreadbooks,givepresentations
onacertaintopic,orcreateartisticorliteraryworks.
18
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Talkative and good at debates
• Able to bring inspiration and positive energy to others
• Able to stand out among a crowd
• Enjoys being active, exploring and expressing their creativity
• Can be quick-tempered, impulsive and argumentative
LESSON
Life Path Number 3 indicates that your child’s lesson is to become an inspirational speaker
who uses the power of language to uplift others.
19
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 1
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Highly independent, self-reliant and strong-willed, your child is usually able to handle their personal
problems quickly and effectively. They have a lot of confidence in their abilities and rarely need help,
even when the problem is serious. However, their abilities alone are sometimes not enough to solve
the problem,especially whenthey are in needof emotional support. Youshould helpthem learn how
to have a broader perspective, tame their ego, consult the opinions of those around them and ask for
theirhelpwhennecessary.Masteringtheseskillswillenablethemtosucceedeverystepofthewayon
theirlifejourney.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 3
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Your child’s destiny is to become an inspirer. They are dynamic, extroverted and have many different
interests. Like a fervent flame, they bring positive energy and endless inspiration to those around
them. Their sense of humor, optimism and charming style of communication make them uniquely
charismatic. No matter where they go, it is easy for them to integrate, adapt and quickly make new
friends.
Your child needs to utilize their creative ideas, confidence and charisma to make a positive impact on
those around them. You should help them develop their ability to express themselves, use language
effectively and be confident in front of a crowd. They are likely to be successful in areas that involve
performing,acting,teachingandinspiring.
Asforweaknesses,yourchildoftenstruggleswithidentifyingtheirtruepurposes,becausebeingmulti-
talented and able to learn quickly makes them want to do too many things at once, which usually
results in nothing being done. They must learn how to compartmentalize and finish each task before
moving onto another. They also need to think more realistically and learn how to turn their ideas into
reality. They can sometimes talk too much and become bothersome to other people, and therefore
must learn how to be restrained and give those around them enough time to get to know and trust
them.
67
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION
NUMBER - 0
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 0 indicates that in order to attain success and
happiness in their life, your child needs to improve themselves everyday and focus on
following their Life Path and Destiny Number on the basis of Morality – Wisdom –
Effort, which serves as a guiding principle for the entirety of their life. Living by this
number and improving themselves in accordance with the 3-root system will bring
themlong-lastingsuccessandhappiness.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 1
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 1 indicates that your child is courageous, capable of becoming a leader, and
naturally excellent at initiating projects and making demands. They yearn to prove themselves and be
recognized by others and therefore always want others to ask for their opinions and to feel that they
are important to them. With an honest and fair personality, they will be a loyal friend in personal
relationships,andanexcellentpartnerwhenitcomestostudyorwork.
Your child tends to do everything in their own unique way, and always wants to organize and arrange
their personal belongings to their liking. Despite being able to come up with innovative ideas and
creative solutions to problems, they can sometimes be stubborn and arrogant, and do everything in a
hasty and impatient manner. They can also be hesitant and anxious when they must do something on
theirown.Youshouldbeconstructiveinthewayyoucommunicatetothem,andavoidcriticizingthem
infrontofotherpeople.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 7
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talents are,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
BirthdayNumber7indicatesthatyourchildisveryintelligentandexcelsatself-studying,observingand
inferring information. They usuallytry to discover the answer ontheir ownbyrepeatedly asking “why”
until they arrive at the result they are looking for. They never take things at face value, and instead
always digdeeper under the surface to discover the truth. As aresult,they tendto be more intelligent
than other children of their age, and have no interest in pointless questions. Under number 7’s
influence, they have a serious attitude towards their study, and will not waste time on dealing with
trivialmatters.
Evenwhenyourchildisstillyoung,youshouldprovidethemwithanenvironmentconducivetolearning
by encouraging them to read and teaching them how to infer lessons and summarize what they have
learned. In the right environment where they can harness and nurture their natural talents, they have
the potential to develop the ability to think logically and conduct scientific analyses, which combines
with their intelligence and perceptiveness to help them become exceptional at writing, analysis,
philosophyandscience.Furthermore,ifallthey wanttodoisfocusingonaspecificfieldordiscovering
life’smysteries,youshouldnotforcethemtobecomemoreeasy-goingorsociable.
Having Birthday Number 7, your child prefers working alone and tends to have very few friends. They
can also be quite stubborn and demanding. If such characteristics present themselves when they are
stillyoung,youneedtounderstandthatitdoesnotmeantheyaredisobedientorarrogant,butinstead
demonstrates their potential to become a brilliant mind. Even though you should absolutely
compliment their skills and passion for specialized fields, keep in mind that no one and nothing is
perfect,whichmeansyouneedtoteachthemhowtoloveandappreciatethemselves.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 2
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are warm and gentle. They always create an intimate
and friendly atmosphere around them. In an unfamiliar environment, they will be timid and refrain from
makinganymove.However,ifsomeoneapproachesthemfirst,theywillalwaysbewillingtolistenandtalk
to them because they enjoy connecting with people to eliminate the feelings of distance. Their smile and
eyesarewhatdrawpeopletowardsthem.
Your child never stays angry at anyone for too long, and people treat them the same way. Having
Personality Number2,whenconflictsarise,theywillstepback,letthemgoor feelslightlynervous,which
makesotherschangetheirtonetoavoidhurtingyourchild’sfeelings.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 1
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
Thisnumberindicatesthatyourchildshouldbemorecandidandstraightforwardineverythingthey do,
and should not hesitate to assert their views. In any situation where misunderstandings can arise, they
needtoremaincalmontheinsideandmaintainemotionalbalancebeforeexpressingtheiropinion.They
shouldbeconfident,strongandassertiveinthewaytheycommunicatewithothers.Poisewillhelpthem
makeagreatimpressiononothers.
11
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 6
TheMaturityNumberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber6indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldchoosea
paththatenablesthemtotakecareofandbeattentivetoothers,asnumber 6
is associated with being responsible to one’s family, developing one’s capacity
tolove,andlearninghowtobeofservicetothecommunity.
Your child should be loving and generous to others both in their personal life
andintheircareer.Theyshouldalsospreadlovetothoselessfortunate,which
theycanachievethrough philanthropic work.
24
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 1
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 1 indicates that your child might have low self-confidence, procrastinate
regularly and lack initiative. You should enable them to express their views and opinions, and to find
thesolutionandmakethedecisionontheirownwhenfacingaproblem.
Youalsoneedtoencouragethemnottoprocrastinate;andteachthemthevalueoftheinitialthoughts
andactions,workingindependentlyandleadershipskills.Youcanallowthemtogetajobfromayoung
ageinordertolearnhowtostandontheirowntwofeet.
31
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 4
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 4 indicates that your child might be lazy and refuse to do things that they
deem boring and tedious. You should avoid being lenient, explain to them the value of completing
tasksandteachthemgoodhabitssuchasputtingtheirtoysawayafterplayingwiththem,makingtheir
bed after waking up or put things where they are supposed to be through the use of timetables and
alarms.
Your child will also need guidance on how to organize their personal affairs, make plans in their daily
life, analyze and evaluate processes, and adapt to changes, so that they can harness their positive
qualitiesinanyenvironment.
34
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 9 indicates that your child's way of thinking involves looking at
everything based on all the information they are able to gather and then coming up with the
most suitable solution. When making every decision, they tend to always find a solution that is
agreeable to everyone and prioritizes common interests. Sometimes, their decisions are made
forothers’sbenefitsmorethanfortheirown.Thesolutionstheyproposecanalsobedescribed
asidealisticratherthanrealistic.
48
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 6
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious Self Number 6 indicates that your child always turns their attention to their family, which is
the originof all of their joysandsorrows. Their decisions alwaysinvolve family;their instinctandintuition
areparticularlysensitivewhenitcomestofamily.
This number will become even stronger if you can create an environment where family members are
alwaysloving,intimateandconnectedtowardsoneanother,whichwillserveasasourceofmotivationfor
your child; they will constantly strive to achieve goals for the sake of their loved ones. However, to avoid
making them feel pressured, you should also encourage them to pursue their own goals and take care of
themselves while feeling confident in the fact that family will always be a solid support system, a safe
havenwheretheycanfeelsafe,andalaunchingpadforalloftheirdreams.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 3
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child always wants to share and express their views on everything they
encounter.Talkativeandenergetic,theyfeelhappywhenhavingconversations
or speaking their mind, and even more so when their advice is well received.
Maintaining positive energy and emotional balance will help them bring joy
andmotivationtothosetheyinteractwith.
The way your child dresses and talks exude wittiness, a sense of humor and
exceptional intelligence, all of which constitute their charm in the eyes of
others. Their ability to share information and instruct people enables them to
teachtheirskillstoanyoneinaneffectivemanner.
62
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 6
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 6, your child will be influenced by the energy of being caring and loving.
They should focus on learning how to be attentive to and taking care of others, and be ready to assist
anyone that needs their help. As they may struggle with adjusting or being responsible towards others’
needs, you should stay close and support them every step of the way. For instance, this is a good time for
youandyourchildto takecareoflovedones,or do houseworktogethertoconnectwithandbecaring and
lovingtowardseachother,whichwillbeextremelyhelpfultothemduringPersonalMonthNumber6.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 0 - age 33)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 3
(age 33 - age 42)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for your child during this period, as whether they
are successful or not all depends on their communication skills. Should they be able to match the energy
ofnumber3,theywill“speakoutmoney.”Thisisalsothelessontheymustlearnduringthistime,whichis
tofocusonimprovingtheirlinguisticabilities.Tothisend,they mustcommunicatemoreandtakecourses
on subjects like presentation or public speaking so that they can use language in a more flexible and
precise way. This is because their communication skills and energy will make many people want to work
withthem.
In order to constantly maintain an optimal level of energy, your child will need to spend more time
exercising, listening to music, taking lessons on how to motivate themselves, etc. They should also
participate in many community activities or need to appear in public because their positive energy and
communicationskillswillhelpthemattractothersandleaveagreatimpressiononthem.
During this time, your child will really want to delve into the things they like or yearn to express
themselves.Theirtalentswillbringthemfinancialgains,fame,or publicappreciation.If PinnacleNumber
3 occurs when they are still young, you should help them adopt a positive and creative mindset and
develop their linguistic skills in order to seize opportunities as they appear. Even before a Pinnacle
Number 3 arrives, nurturing and utilizing these skills regularly will still provide them with the potential to
succeed.
89
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 1
(age 42 - age 51)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodfor yourchildto prove themselvesandstandontheir ownfeetto improve every aspectof
theircareer.Theirwillpowerisgoingtobetestedbymanyhardshipsandchallenges.
During this period, your child must set clear goals for their life and fully commit themselves to reaching
them. Should they manage to accomplish this, they will be able to establish a career for themselves,
because Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working independently or opening their own business. If
suitable resources and opportunities are available to them, they should be determined to launch a
company,storeorproduct.Shouldtheymanagetodoso,theirnextcycleisboundtobeagreatone.
Yourchildwillhavetolearntwomajorlifelessons,whichinclude“leadingthemselvesandleadingothers.”
No matter what role they might take in their career or personal life, there will be times when they are
given great responsibilities or the position of managing, leading and guiding others. They need to take
initiativeandbewillingtoassumethesedutiesbecausetheywillteachthemlessonsonleadership.During
Pinnacle Number 1, if they insist on declining responsibility, it’s very likely that they will experience the
challengesandlessonsofnumber1.
This is a time of revelations, new experiences, and challenges, which may occur in fields that your child is
unfamiliar with,butthey shouldtake all the opportunities theygetinorder to gainas muchexperience as
theycan.Duringthisperiod,theyneedto haveenoughwillpower anddeterminationtopursuetheir goals
inordertoachievethebestresults.Ifyoucanteachthemhowtosetgoalsandthinkindependentlyfroma
youngage,theywillbeabletoovercomeanyhardships.Thechallengestheyfacewillhelpthembuildself-
confidenceandhonetheirskills.
87
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 51 - age 60)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 0
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 0 can represent good fortune in everything your child does, provided they live their
life in accordance with their Pinnacle Number. They need to believe in their own powers and become a
more confident, independent and courageous version of themselves. Should your child fail to live by
their Pinnacle Number, Challenge Number 0 will instead signify the many challenges and lessons that
they must face and learn as a result of their inability to be independent in their every action and
decision.Therefore,it’simperativethattheyfocusonfollowingtheirPinnacleNumber.
99
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Lê Quốc Hiệp
25/09/2021
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 4
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number4indicatesthatyourchildneeds tofocusonstudyinganddevelopingtheir expertise,
whichwillserveasthefoundation fortheirsuccess.
Additionally, they need to pay more attention to matters that require them to be detail-oriented and
meticulous, such as paperwork. Learning how to be disciplined and organized will help them overcome
thischallenge.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43