Cian Yu Heng
25/06/1993Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Cian Yu Heng,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19930625KP0L0C
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
01 02 03
8 9 8
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
0 9 7
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
8 1 7
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,4,6
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
5 6 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1,2,3 4,2,6,1
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
1,3,2,2
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
01. Life Path Number - 8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also indicates
whichdirectionyourjourneyofself-improvementshouldtakeforyoutoattainhappiness.
Individuals with Life Path number 8 were
born with qualities that enable them to
organize, lead, instruct, and rule. Highly
ambitious, they set goals for themselves
and are eager to reach them in the fastest
and most efficient way possible. They
possess great intellectual and emotional
capabilities, thanks to which they easily
becomethebestinanythingtheydo.
Number 8 is the number of leaders and
those who wield authority with wisdom. You
have what it takes to bring people together
andmake them believe in a cause that they
Fortune and reputation attraction
arewilling todevotetheirlivesto.
Number 8 represents a pair of gateways connecting two worlds, one of which being visions and the other
reality. Number 8’s role is to turn ideas into reality, create products and services, and design business
models. It’s important for them to find satisfaction, both spiritually and materially. Keep in mind that only
when their spiritual aspect reaches maturity will number 8’s be able to realize their material dreams.With
enougheffort,theycanbecomearolemodelorteacheronspiritualand/orfinancialmatters.
EnergyofNumber8
Number 8 symbolizes resurrection and
regeneration. It is associated with a
new beginning and the infinity of the
universe. It is also the number of
restoration. Faced with any difficulties,
number 8’s always staycomposed and
go to any lengths necessary to
thoroughly overcome them. Number 8
carries the energy of leadership,
strength, wealth and power. It is the
number of entrepreneurship,
administration, perseverance and
Excellent executor
senseofresponsibility.
Career
Ideal career paths for number 8’s are business owner and any other occupations that involve finance,
commerce, large corporations, top executive positions, banking, financial or political advisor, counselor,
corporate lawyer, investment broker, purchasing agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil
engineer, athlete, manager of a chain store, government official, manufacturer, or head of a school or
college.ManyartistsandactorswerealsobornunderLifePathnumber8.
19Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
01. Life Path Number - 8
It’s essential that number 8’s take on
a leadership role, which does not
have tobe in abusinessenvironment
but can instead involve inspiring
others.
Like the infinity symbol, number 8
represents an unlimited and never-
ending source of energy. Number 8’s
are also practical and have great
organizational skills.
Born to shoulder responsibilities,
number 8’s are rarely carefree and
apatheticindividuals.
Prominent energy
You always set very high standards for yourself and go to great lengths to uphold them. You
also strive to build a strong personal image, care deeply about what others think about you–
particularlyyour achievements –andlove toreceive compliments.
Number 8’s have incredible potential to turn even the most grandiose ideas and plans into
reality, as well as the perseverance to follow through with any project. Executive directors are
often born with Life Path number 8. You treat the people you lead with a combination of strong-
willed leadership andcompassionatefatherhood.
Work
At their core, individuals with Life
Path number 8 are workaholics.
You often analyze the people you
encounter to determine whether
they can assist you with carrying
outyour grandplans.
You concentrate on working hard
and utilizing the resources you
have to reach your goals. You
have the ability to recognize
others’ qualities and inspire them
tobecomebetter. Workaholic
This ability also helps you recognize that you need others’ assistance to reach your goals. Many
people with Life Path number 8 are exceptional leaders, the most successful among whom have
becomesomeoftheworld's wealthiest people.
You are able to help those working with you reach their full potential, because you do not accept
anything less than the best from them. You know how to make others believe in themselves,
followthroughwith plans, andstick tobudgets.
20Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
01. Life Path Number - 8
Strengths
You exhibit decision-making capabilities,
political talent, as well as the ability to skillfully
wield authority and power. Decisive and
commanding, you are adept at building
foundation, achieving recognition and exercising
judgment. Number 8’s also value justice and
honor.
You are able to maintain good ethics and
fairness. As such, you prefer the company of
important,credible andinfluential people.
Leadership capability
As a number 8, you should share your resources with others, for example, through philanthropic
work. When their energy is at its most positive, number 8’s can transform anything into money
and turn their visions into reality. Your determination and courage enable you to achieve
anything.Number8’s areambitious,enjoychallenges andalways want tobe thebest.
You are full of creativity and passion. Doing what brings your soul satisfaction and utilizing your
talents will enable you to succeed. You have the ability to bring about great positive changes to
others’lives.
Number 8’s are also extremely loving
friends who are loyal and devoted to
those they care about. Anytime they are
in need, number 8’s will not hesitate to
devote themselves to helping them
without askingforanything in return.
Gifted with courage, determination and
inborn leadership capabilities, number 8’s
have the potential to achieve great
success in any field, from finance,
banking,education,traveltoacting.
Weaknesses High living standard
The positive traits of individuals with Life Path number 8 can quickly turn negative if they are
unable to maintain a positive attitude. In the throes of work, you can sometimes become a
dictator who takes advantage of others for your personal gain, instead of inspiring them to follow
theirpaths.
Your focus on financial gains, as well as your pursuit of wealth and power can negatively affect
your health and your ability to care for your family and friends. You must be careful not to
becomeobsessedwith your plans. Youshould also becautious when tryingto getthebest outof
others.Ensurethatpeople have all theresourcestheyneedtomeetyour demands.
21Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
01. Life Path Number - 8
Number 8’s value quality very
highly, and therefore will only buy
high-end products rather than
cheap alternatives. Their dreams
are never small because they
always navigate towards the very
best. If they are not careful, number
8’s may lose their way due to an
overinflated ego, adopt a
materialistic lifestyle, or even
become passive. Number 8’s must
pay close attention to their hearts,
and pursue happiness on the basis
of wisdom, maturity and discipline
Unlimited potential
in ordertofulfillahigherpurpose.
Additionally, number 8’s can sometimes havetoohigh expectations for those aroundthem. They
also tend to work so hard as to undervalue their accomplishments. Learn how to be grateful for
andappreciative ofwhat you have achieved.
Possessing number 8’s energy, you are a highly ambitious person who has the ability to
organize, lead, instruct, and rule. You will go through ups and downs in life, which serve as
challenges that will hone your faith and power. Nothing and no one can prevent you from
fulfilling your mission.
• Highly energetic • Outspoken and straightforward
• Appearance-conscious • Determined and goal-driven
• Ambitious • Able to maintain balance between
career and family
• Excellent at managing finances for the future
• Independent and self-reliant
• Brilliant at administration and leadership thanks to
visions • High level of self-respect
• Concerned with quality of life • “Street-smart” rather than “book-
smart”
• Perceptive to business opportunities
• Willing to take risks
• Able to influence others
• Adept at replicating
• Practical
Learning how to manage financial matters and maintain balance
22Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
02. Balance Number - 9
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces
the difficulties and challenges that come their way
inlife
People with Balance Number 9 never hesitate to
shoulder responsibilities and give others a helping
hand. In the face of hardships, they can maintain
the positive energy and enthusiasm.
They have a strong leadership spirit, and always
think and act with their teammates’ best interests
in mind. It will be a blessing for your team to have
a member with Balance Number 9.
23Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
03. Destiny Number - 8
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must
take on when you come to
this world, and what you
mustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill
this destiny, you will find
satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values
for society and your
community.
Your destiny is to design business models.
You were born with entrepreneurial capabilities and fortune always smiles upon you in
business dealings. People with Destiny Number 8 frequently come across business
opportunities, and have the ability to envision new business models. Your role is to
constantly create business “playgrounds” that allow others to join you in the fun,
because it is your mission to help people attain financial prosperity.
You must learn how to give generously to others. Do not keep business systems a
secret for too long and instead share them with others. You will realize that you did not
come to this world only to generate wealth and fame for yourself, but also have the
responsibility to contribute to society. Fulfilling this mission will reward you everything
you need.
You are destined to learn how to be confident and charismatic without being corrupted
by power and money and becoming a ruthless person.
You have an incredible potential to transform people’s lives. You are an excellent leader
and a source of energy that is capable of generating wealth. Having a brusque,
straightforward and dogmatic personality makes it easy for you to be misunderstood.
You will be living by your destiny once you become wealthy and are able to give
generously to others. Be careful; do not let the pursuit of material wealth undermine
your ability to develop healthy relationships. Don’t be stubborn and do listen to others’
advice; they will help you build your empire.
If you are struggling with financial matters, you should regroup, practice healing and
search for your true self by acting in accordance with personal boundaries. Number 8’s
energy is not associated with an easy path. It demands that you dig deeper into your
power and overcome countless obstacles. Having Destiny Number 8 means you must
rise above any difficulties
24Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
04. Life Path – Destiny
Connection Number - 0
This number tells you what you must do to learn
yourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
This number indicates that you are a gracious person who has cultivated an established
system of moral values and clear ethical principles for yourself. You will never hurt anyone
in order to succeed. Believe in yourself and follow your intuition, which will rarely deceive
you.
All you need to do is focus on following your Life Path and Destiny numbers.
25Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
05. Soul Urge Number - 9
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind
what you do and how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you make and the way
youreacttoeverythingandeveryone aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you
make sense of every desire and dissatisfaction you
have, as well as give you the direction towards
success.
People with Soul Urge Number 9 always want
to solve the problems of just about everybody in
the world, whether it’s people they know or
complete strangers. The desire to be accepted
by others is one of the main reasons behind
how eager you are to help people. Your goals
are exclusively related to helping others. In
return, people with Soul Urge Number 9 simply
wish to be loved and appreciated for their
kindness and generosity.
You also have the need to feel like they've done
something meaningful in their lives by helping
those less fortunate. This is what you live for –
you often look for new problems to solve in
other people's lives.
26Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
06. Birthday Number - 7
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhat
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you
wereborn.
This number also reveals the kind
of person you want others to
perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday
Number, you will find out which
environment canenable you tofully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
People with Birthday Number 7 are unpredictable; they can go from being reserved and even distant, to
being enthusiastic, sociable and energetic in an instant. You may need more personal space than the
average person,butyoucaneasily become cheerful andfriendly. Youfeel comfortable ineithersituation.
You are a person of fewwords whoenjoys contemplating yourself like atypical introvert.As aresult, you
tend to feel nothing but loneliness. But all too often, this introverted “mode” is nothing more than a
methodofself-preservation andcanbe“switched off” atanymoment.
Thosewhogenuinelywanttomakefriendswithyouwillallbereciprocated.Theywillalsorealizethatyou
areveryconcerned witheverything inlife.
People with Birthday Number 7 are not only daydreamers with mysterious personalities, they are also
very philosophical and practical. In the search for life’s meaning, you tend to go off the beaten path, but
ineveryday situations,youfollowyourintuition.
In order to have a happy marriage, people with Birthday Number 7 must have a strong sense of
responsibility, share the same interests with their life partners, and find a suitable parenting approach.
Youusuallyhave astrongandlovingbondwithyourchildren.
When interacting with people with the same Birthday Number, you will present yourself as an
independent personwith astrongpersonality.Youarestillyourtrueself,butiftheotherpersonisrudeto
you, your attitude will change completely. Despite being honest and devoted, you can sometimes be
inconsiderate ofothers’feelings.
You tend to have good health and are likely to live a long life, but you still need to be careful. Stress and
overworkcanlead toillnesses.
People with Birthday Number 7 usually love sports, whether as a player or a fan. Sports appeal to you
because itgivesyouawaytotemporarily forgetaboutthehustleandbustleofdailylife.
People with this Birthday Number are logical thinkers. In life, you rarely make mistakes. You are sincere,
humble, have many interests and a great sense of humor. You are also more likely to have a peaceful,
accomplished andhappylife thanotherpeople.
27Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
07. Personality Number - 8
The personality number reveals
what kind of impression you
make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or
characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are frank, enthusiastic, assertive and
perceptive.
If a stranger asks them for help, people with Personality Number 8 usually try to get to
know the person before deciding whether to help them or not. To you, it's important to
build trust with someone before getting involved with them. You act in such a forceful
manner that you do not even realize the power you have. This inner power will be
extremely beneficial when wielded in the right way.
Entrepreneurs with Personality Number 8 can negotiate fair deals for themselves better
than anybody else could. As for your personal life, you are very strong and supportive of
your loved ones. Despite having no problem with being generous, you can tell if you are
being taken advantage of because you are highly perceptive and constantly on the
lookout for anyone trying to con you.
People want to work with you because you have all the abilities of a brilliant leader.
28Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 1
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You deal with everything in a straightforward and unambiguous manner. Your leadership
skills must be improved if you want to reach your full career potential. You also need to
work hard and constantly come up with new approaches in order to succeed. Learn how
to open your heart and communicate effectively. Try to speak in uncomplicated terms so
people have no difficulty understanding what you mean.
29Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
09. Maturity Number - 7
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
during the most productive period
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
Number 7 is associated with the completion of intellectual and spiritual development.
This number indicates that you must further improve yourself through scientific and
philosophical research, as well as the use of your intuition. In this period, you must
continue sharing your knowledge with others and elevate their intellectual capabilities.
30Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
32Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
33Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
11. Rational Thought Number - 5
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think
and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this
number does not tell you
anything about your life path
or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number
reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It
indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come
up with, and the types of
opportunities that will come
toyou.
You are a very intelligent person who doesn't want to settle with being ordinary. Your
thoughts are oriented in a way that makes everything a little bit special because you
need to make a statement, no matter how big or small, in everything you do. When you
face a problem, the solution usually comes easily, spontaneously, and quickly. But then
you need to create an elaborate plan to actually solve the problem. This is where your
creativity comes in.
First, you think of every possible outcome that may result from the situation, and only
after that can you look for ways to make it happen. This is referred to as a conceptual
style of thinking. You see the first and the last parts of the picture, and get the complete
view by creating the middle part.
34Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
12. Subconscious Self
Number - 6
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. The Subconscious
Self Number helps you focus on the
qualities you have that will be the
key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the main
toolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates the
qualities you must cultivate to be
able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When something happens, only if you can maintain inner peace will you be able to face
the situation. In such scenarios, rely on the person or place that makes you feel safe and
comfortable and can restore your energy. You are resistant to problems and know how
to handle them by nature. The only thing that can hurt you is an inner destabilization that
can lead to overwhelming side effects and make you simply lose self-control. Find your
own safe haven and take better care of yourself.
35Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
36Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
37Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2024)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
38Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
39Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
40Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
41Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
42Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
43Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
44Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
15. Personal Month Number – 2
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
45Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
15. Personal Month Number – 3
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
46Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 0 - age 28)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
47Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 28 - age 37)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
48Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 37 - age 46)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
49Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 46 - age 55)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
50Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
51Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
52Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
53Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
54Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
55Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
56Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
57Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
58Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
59Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
60Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
61Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
62Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
63Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
64Full name: Cian Yu Heng Date of birth: 25/06/1993
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
65