Bracke Kaj
09/08/2019Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Bracke Kaj,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
20190809YS6T0K
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
01 02 03
2 4 8
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
6 7 9
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
1 6 1
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
4,6,7,8
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
4 5 1,2
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
6,7,8,9,1 3,4,5,6,7 8,3,2,11
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
1,6,5,5
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
01. Life Path Number - 2
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 2’s were born to connect, mediate, and reconcile even the most extreme of conflicts.
You arepatient,agoodlistener andlive inservice ofothers.
Highly adept at assisting others, you have the potential to be a perfect spouse, friend, or
employee. Individuals with Life Path number 2 always seek balance in everything around them.
Life Path number 2 represents an entry by individuals with exceptional spirituality in their
personality into thisplane ofexistence, which canlead themtobecomegreatpeacemakers.
You are also a romantic person who likes to daydream and was born seemingly to love and be
loved. You are remarkably loving, magnanimous and compassionate. It is easy for you to set
your egoaside tobein harmonywith thosearoundyou.
Ability to connect Romance
Energy of Number 2
Number 2 is the second number in the binary numeral system, and is the number of service,
peace, balance and connection. It is the first number that can be divided, and therefore
supportingfundamentaldivision. Itis thenumberofassistantsandsupporters.
Characteristics
You are an excellent listener who has the ability to easily sympathize with and understand
others. You know how to make people feel comfortable. You can negotiate with different parties
and utilize your diplomatic capabilities to achieve consensus, as well as resolve problems by
persuasion instead of coercion. With your help, a compromise that satisfies all parties without
causing muchdisagreementwill bequicklyreached.
19Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
01. Life Path Number - 2
Number 2’s are usually cautious when making decisions, and feel the need to seek advice and
assistancefrom others. Because of this, people tend torespect their opinions and consider them
tohave goodjudgment.You help everyone in theteamseeeachother'spoint ofview.
You possess a broader perspective and are more purpose-oriented than most people. These
traits can be captivating to others andgreatly beneficial to society. You enjoy immersing yourself
in mystical enigmas and exploring hidden corners of the world. Individuals who carry number 2’s
positive energy have a very fair and balanced personality, as they are able to consider every
aspect of an argument. An excellent mediator, you often help others achieve consensus. Your
thinking and emotions exhibit honesty and open-mindedness, and you tend to see the bright
sides intheworld aroundyou.
Another notabletrait of numbers 2 is their strong intuition. You are ableto instantly sense others’
feelingsandformaccurateopinions onthoseyou meetfromtheveryfirstencounters.
Peacemaker The scale of justice
Career
Number 2’s rarely harbor ambitions to become leaders, and instead are more suited for
cooperating with others. You are a great fit for occupations that allow for stability where you are
not required to meet strict deadlines. Your ideal working environment should not be too stressful
andcompetitive;otherwise,you will be putunderimmensepressure.
Counselor, teacher and healer are career paths that can help you achieve success and
satisfaction. Possessing a sensitive affinity for the arts, you can also excel in the fields of music,
architecture, advertising, diplomacy, law, negotiation, fashion, or other career paths that involve
attentiontodetails.
20Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
01. Life Path Number - 2
Strengths
You are an adaptable and caring person who enjoys helping others, is sensitive to people’s
problems and has a great collaborative spirit. You have the ability to make fair judgements and
assessments, and are modest and outspoken. You are also strongly influenced by spiritual
tendenciesandpossessexcellent diplomatic skills.
Number 2 also indicates great artistic sensibility and an affinity for the arts. Individuals with Life
Path number 2 are able to elegantly navigate relationships. You can be described as an expert
in connecting and communicating with people. You rarely project your own views on others, and
thereforeusually createacomfortableand amiableatmosphereforthosearoundyou.
Listening Sensibility
Weaknesses
Number 2’s must keep tabs of their negative emotions. Sometimes, you can be a little too
cautious and wary of new things. Indeed, number 2’s are averse to any kind of losses, pains,
anxieties andfears. Even when number 2’sfeelings arehurt,they will suffer in silence andrarely
communicate. You should not bottle up your feelings for extended periods of time, which can
causeillnesses suchasdepressionormentaldisorders.
21Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
01. Life Path Number - 2
Wordsof advice
The path of personal development recommended for number 2’s is to focus on the strong
intuition they were born with. This will help you develop self-confidence and the ability to
surround yourself with suitable companions. Number 2’s must also learn how to control their
emotions and sharpen their minds. This will help you gain more trust in yourself and direct you
towardshappiness inthefuture.
Rest and relaxation are vital to number 2’s ability to maintain balance and recharge energy. You
should setasidetimewithin your daily schedulestoexercise, practicebreathingandmeditate.
Possessing number 2’s positive energy, you truly are a blessing to this world as a
compassionate and gracious soul. You are an excellent listener who can sympathize with and
understandotherseffortlessly.
• Able to sympathize and listen • Sensitive to others’ feelings
• Able to sense people’s feelings • Able to understand and empathize with
others
• Able to connect and mediate
• Forgiving and tolerant
• Loving spirit
• Great communication skills
• Gentle, amiable, and peace-loving
• Romantic and sensible
• Highly intuitive
• Having no desire for fame
• Having no difficulty attracting wealth
Learning how to connect and empathize with others.
22Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
02. Balance Number - 4
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 4 are
always cautious and disciplined when it
comes to their work. They are also very
demanding and have high standards.
When people with Balance Number 4
encounter new knowledge, they always
want to make detailed analysis and ask
as many questions as it takes to get to
the rootof the matter.
Every team needs a member with
Balance Number 4 to be able to perform
systematic work that requires careful
assessment.
23Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
03. Destiny Number - 8
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must
take on when you come to
this world, and what you
mustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill
this destiny, you will find
satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values
for society and your
community.
Your destiny is to design business models.
You were born with entrepreneurial capabilities and fortune always smiles upon you in
business dealings. People with Destiny Number 8 frequently come across business
opportunities, and have the ability to envision new business models. Your role is to
constantly create business “playgrounds” that allow others to join you in the fun,
because it is your mission to help people attain financial prosperity.
You must learn how to give generously to others. Do not keep business systems a
secret for too long and instead share them with others. You will realize that you did not
come to this world only to generate wealth and fame for yourself, but also have the
responsibility to contribute to society. Fulfilling this mission will reward you everything
you need.
You are destined to learn how to be confident and charismatic without being corrupted
by power and money and becoming a ruthless person.
You have an incredible potential to transform people’s lives. You are an excellent leader
and a source of energy that is capable of generating wealth. Having a brusque,
straightforward and dogmatic personality makes it easy for you to be misunderstood.
You will be living by your destiny once you become wealthy and are able to give
generously to others. Be careful; do not let the pursuit of material wealth undermine
your ability to develop healthy relationships. Don’t be stubborn and do listen to others’
advice; they will help you build your empire.
If you are struggling with financial matters, you should regroup, practice healing and
search for your true self by acting in accordance with personal boundaries. Number 8’s
energy is not associated with an easy path. It demands that you dig deeper into your
power and overcome countless obstacles. Having Destiny Number 8 means you must
rise above any difficulties
24Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
04. Life Path – Destiny
Connection Number - 6
This number tells you what you must
do to learn your life lesson and fulfill
yourdestiny.
People with Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 are creative innovators. You need
to constantly bring inspiration and a warm energy to others. If you excel at something,
build on and enjoy this ability, as you have the ability to make everything better. For you,
the key to success is to make constant improvements and become more open.
The Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 represents an artistic combination. There
is an artist inside you; do not suppress this potential. People with this number commonly
make the mistake of concealing their talents and take them for granted instead of
nurturing them. Not only can artistic talents bring you both financial success and spiritual
satisfaction, they can also become a source of motivation and inspiration for others.
25Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
05. Soul Urge Number - 7
TheSoul UrgeNumberrevealsthe
reason behind what you do and
how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you
make and the way you react to
everything and everyone around
you.
This is a very important number
as it can help you make sense of
every desire and dissatisfaction
you have, as well as give you the
directiontowardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 7 make decisions after careful deliberation based on
facts and statistics. You tend to avoid taking reckless risks without assessing potential
consequences. They constantly want to learn more. Your overall goal in life is to gain as
much knowledge as you can.
Rather than making assumptions, people with Soul Urge Number 7 only believe in
things that are based on facts and scientific evidence, which makes it hard for you to
believe in what people say, especially those you don’t know. You prefer getting to know
someone as much as possible before opening up to and placing your trust in them.
Those around you tend to be trusting of you as you are mindful and candid. Therefore,
your opinions are often held in higher regard than others’.
You sometimes enjoy being alone in privacy, or spending time in nature, for example in
the ocean or on mountains.
26Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
06. Birthday Number - 9
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has blessed
yourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want
otherstoperceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, youwillfindout
which environment can enable you to fully harness
yourwonderfulqualities.
People with this birthday number are sensitive but also very
logical. You have great intuition and a comprehensive way of
thinking. You also tend to be well-educated and well-read. You
are highlyperceptive and can always make sense ofthe events
in your life. Based on the experience you have gained, you are
usuallyable todrawaccurate conclusions.
You can easily forgive the mistakes both you and others make
because you assess situations from a philosophical
perspective. People with Personality Number 9 tend to be
perfectionists who always want the best thing in life. You are
very demanding, not only to yourself but also to those around
you.
You are highly affectionate; even though it’s not easy for you to
fall for someone or make new friends, you will be very serious
with the relationships once you have done so. It can also be
problematic how charming you are, because being too
infatuated with you can make the other person lose their
senses.Inromanticrelationships,youprefertobeseduced and
controlled bytheotherperson.However,this unusualtendency
isnotproblematic toyourlovelife.
People with Birthday Number 9 are usually smart enough to
learn from their mistakes, as well as the mistakes they see
others make. You are willing to sacrifice yourself for people.
You like to do good deeds and tend to spend a lot of time
doingphilanthropic workorhelpingthoseinneed.
People with Birthday Number 9 are deeply affectionate, have
clearideals,anddesiretorighteverywrongintheworldoreven
bring happiness to everyone. You are also quite idealistic and
passionate. You have more creative talents than anybody else.
It can be said that the universe favors you a little too much,
because as long as you apply yourself fully in your life and
career – without being greedy and overambitious – you will be
rewarded quitegenerously.
27Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
07. Personality Number - 1
The personality number
reveals what kind of
impression you make on
others when they first
meet you. In other
words, it describes the
energy or characteristics
that you are projecting
totheworld.
People with Personality Number 1 constantly want to demonstrate their leadership
talents to the world. They are saying to everyone, “Let me lead your team, I’m certain I
will succeed.”
Like everyone else, people with Personality Number 1 are still human, and therefore are
bound to go through failures which they must learn from. You just don't want other
people to see you make such mistakes, as it may mean those people will no longer give
you the admiration they yearn for. People with Personality Number 1 are eager to move
forward in their lives, and are not afraid of handling negative situations as they come up.
Others consider you someone who can stay strong in the face of difficult situations.
People with Personality Number 1 care deeply about their image and how people
perceive them. Because of this, whenever you feel scared or vulnerable, you try to hide
those feelings from people.
28Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 6
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You are a sociable person to whom relationships are very important. Your cheerful and
motivated disposition inspires those around you. However, do not be naive and share all
your plans with others. This does not mean you should shut yourself off from people or
be overly cautious. You need to find people that you truly trust because this will be the
foundation of your success. Keep loved ones close to you as they can help you
destress, and remind yourself to display affection to others.
29Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
09. Maturity Number - 1
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
duringthemostproductiveperiod
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
In this period, you must stand on your own two feet against the hardships that will
come your way. But do not fret; once you have overcome them, you will reach a new
height in your life where many triumphs await you.
You must take care of yourself and strive to assert your abilities in order to gain a
certain degree of reputation. You don’t need to prove anything to anyone; now, you are
the one assessing and analyzing others. Enthusiastic and energetic, you readily take on
leadership roles because you know how to manage and lead people. You work hard,
achieve great results and take responsibility for everything you do.
You are not as obstinate as you have previously been, and feel that you need to be
more open to new sources and new information. This is a period to find time for a
hobby that helps you relax. Try not to expect too much from others, and before striking
up a conflict, always imagine what it means to be in the other person's shoes.
30Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
31Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
32Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 7
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
This number indicates that you are not determined enough at sharpening your
knowledge and expertise on a deeper level.
You need to be more demanding of yourself, and to observe and assess your own
abilities in order to make progress. You should also practice evaluating every problem
in a careful and in-depth manner. The inability to fully understand important issues can
lead to major failures in your career.
33Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
34Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
11. Rational Thought Number - 4
Thisisaspecialnumberthatreflectstheway you
think and your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not tell you anything
about your life path or subconscious, and instead
hastodowithyourway ofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up with, and the
typesofopportunitiesthatwillcometoyou.
You value things that are realistic and practical. When you think about something, you
always try to find supporting evidence and reasoning. You are able to correlate
numerous factors to arrive at the right idea. You rarely make mistakes with your first
impression of others. You also dislike being unprepared because it is important for you
to be in control of what happens in your life.
You have an implementation-oriented type of thinking. First, you gather, measure, and
compare information, and then you make plans and do everything necessary for those
plans to be carried out successfully. In some ways, you've managed to categorize the
chaos of your thoughts, and it has made you the person you are today.
35Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
12. Subconscious Self Number - 5
For most of us, life always comes with
obstacles.TheSubconsciousSelfNumberhelps
you focus on the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner obstacles.
These qualities will sometimes help you handle
a certain aspect of a problem, overcome
obstacles in a calm manner, or even serve as
themaintoolforproblemsolving.
Inshort, thisnumberindicatesthequalitiesyou
must cultivate to be able to handle any
unexpectedtrouble.
As soon as something happens in your life, you need to concentrate and use your mind
and creativity to overcome the situation. You will not be able to afford missing any
details. Control your emotions and don't let them disorient you. If you feel the urge to
flee from the situation, consciously force yourself to face the problem head on; this will
create a precedent of success that will increase your self-esteem. Your flexible mind
won't let you down, so use it to your advantage. You must learn how to be more
disciplined and organized when it comes to work. Stay calm and determined to
overcome challenges instead of giving up.
36Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
37Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
13. Hidden Passion Number - 2
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
Everybody wants to talk to you because
they are magnetized by the harmonious
and friendly aura you radiate. You are a
person who can understand anyone; you
are very talented in the most complicated
subject there is - human nature. You can
persuade people, change their opinions,
and manipulate the way they feel, but will
never take advantage of them. You
respect others and demand to be given
the same treatment.
You have what it takes to become a
successful counselor because of how
passionate you are about the human soul
and relationships. You have a special
type of analytical mind that is “configured”
to catch the slightest changes in others'
moods or souls. This is a very valuable
talent and takes a lot of observation and
practice to develop.
38Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
39Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
40Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
41Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2026)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
42Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
43Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
44Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
45Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
15. Personal Month Number – 5 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
46Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
15. Personal Month
Number – 6
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
47Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
15. Personal Month Number – 7
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
48Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 0 - age 34)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
49Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 34 - age 43)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
50Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 43 - age 52)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
51Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
16. Pinnacle Number – 11
(age 52 - age 61)
Every person’s life is composed
of four pinnacle cycles, each
representing a different degree
of maturity, responsibility and
learningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to
your life. The Pinnacle Number
will help you prepare for these
changes.
This is the time for you to tap into your intuition and perceptiveness. Your
personal development and spiritual journey will experience major fluctuations.
Number 11 will help you develop creative and intuitive powers that you can
harness to be of service to others. This number is associated with creativity and
the arts, which means you should choose a career in communication, music,
painting, dancing, poetry or any field that requires a broad perspective and
forwardthinking.
Perhaps you will feel a bit detached from reality and become drawn towards
matters concerning philosophy and social welfare. You might also feel anxious
and stressed, and encounter great challenges in your life, which can lead you to
develop theabilitytohelpandhealothers.
52Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
53Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
54Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
17. Challenge Number - 5
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
Duringthis period,itwillbevery difficultforyou to sit still.Youwillfeelthe desire to
change everything all at once, make risky choices and get into short-lived
relationships. The Challenge Number 5 encourages you to treasure everything you
have,controlyourselfbetter andstop wastingtimeonfleetingandtrivialpleasures.
You will be able to successfully traverse this unstable period by finding a shoulder
to lean on or a haven where you feel safe, which will motivate you to maintain self-
control. You must be more determined, and try to find unique ways of expressing
yourself.
55Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Bracke Kaj Date of birth: 09/08/2019
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67