SALVIDGE GARY
14/02/1962Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear SALVIDGE GARY,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19620214NH3E7A
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
01 02 03
7 8 4
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
3 5 5
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
8 3 11
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,6,8
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
11 6 1,7
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,5,3,11
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
3,4,1,7
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
01. Life Path Number - 7
The Life Path Number is the
most important number in Map
for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to
experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your
journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain
happiness.
Enlightener
Number 7’s are wise and sensitive philosophers, as well as profound analyzers who are always
searchingfor somethingtoputtheir faith into. Asa number 7, you constantly want touncoverthe
mysteriesoflife.You arereceptivetomysticismandhave arichimagination.
You have a passion for learning, expanding your knowledge, reading and self-studying. Number
7’s biggestlifelessons aretotirelessly improvethemselvesandtobemorally upright.
Energyof Number 7
Number 7 represents the intellectual world, enlightenment and moral uprightness. It reminds us
to constantly improve ourselves, learn new things, and figure out the essence of everything.
Number7’s energyis associatedwith profoundanalysis and sharpintuition.
Characteristics
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
beaninvaluable membertoacademiaand researchinstitutes.
19Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
01. Life Path Number- 7
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very
rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a
perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around
you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your
mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
be an invaluable member to academia and
researchinstitutes.
It’s easy for you to find true friends, because
your intellect and perception allow you to
quicklyrecognize liars and pretenders. Youmay
not have a large number of friends, but those
Expert
who qualify are close and lifelong ones. Never
lower your standards; such friendships will
never last.
Even though number 7’s are often charming, which attracts people towards them, you surround
yourself with a wall that not just anyone can get through. You are not being intentionally aloof;
the wall’s purpose is to ward off any insecurities that you might harbor. Instead of being a social
butterfly, who dives headfirst into social situations, you stayback and assess thesituation before
approaching.
A natural introvert, you are usually not eager to become a part of organizations and groups. You
may be considered by some as socially old-fashioned as you prefer interacting with people at a
relatively slow pace. You value alone time and have no problem with isolation. You spend such
timesreading,studying,orresearching,and overall expanding your intellect andknowledge.
To others, people with Life Path number 7 can come across as distant or aloof. If you have
difficulties with social interactions, these characteristics can spiral into secretiveness or
pessimism.
However, you must understand that you need others just as much as they need you. There are
always good friends to be made, and you can sometimes overlook the positive aspects people
mayhave in your initial assessmentofthem.Do notbetoohastyin writing someoneoff.
Career
Suitable career paths for number 7’s include scientific authority, archeologist, antique expert,
psychoanalyst, surgeon,historian,biologist, investigator,journalist,psychiatrist,andsoon.
With a soul that is drawn towards humanistic values, you can also excel as a lecturer,
humanitarianworker,monk,etc.
20Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
01. Life Path Number - 7
Strengths
You are excellent at analysis and research, bright
and curious, constantly seeking knowledge,
technical and inventive, bookish, meditative,
charismatic in terms of personality and behavior,
attractedbysolitude andpeace,andaperfectionist.
Number 7’s are able to find the link between
anything and form a connection between ideas and
topics that seemingly have nothing to do with each
other. They also have the potential to bring changes
totheirsurroundings.
Profound person
Number 7’s tend to have a good memory, and enjoy contemplating history in order to sharpen
their intellect. You are also very interested in technological and scientific innovations, as well as
predictions ofthefuture.
You are a natural researcher who always thinks on a profound level and is observant to the
mysteries of life. Your performance is at its best when you work alone for extended periods of
time.As Pythagorasonce said,“Thoseseekingwisdom should dosoalone.”
Your intellect drives you to constantly ask “Why” to everything. You like to view life through a
lens that combines logic and intuition. Number 7’s prefer learning from experiences and dislike
being held back by rules. You should choose a suitable area of expertise and dig deep to
becomeanexpertin it.
The perpetual desire for knowledge often causes number 7’s to travel a lot in order to learn and
read more about different lands and cultures, and about space and time. Number 7’s are very
concerned with maintaining acontingencyfund. It’s agoodthing to bethrifty, but they should not
skimponinvesting in personaldevelopment.
Weakness
The fact that you are nearly always right means that you need to be careful not to become over-
confident and self-righteous. You need to remain open to the idea that there are still things
otherscanteachyou, even when you seemtohave learnedeverything.
Many number 7’s prefer living on their own and may struggle with letting others into their lives.
You may also find it difficult to overcome the belief that you are entitled to great things or the
world treats you unfairly. You must try your best to tolerate people and make the best of who
they are. No matter how good you are, you do not have everything; never walk alone.When you
facethebattlesoflife,it’s notagoodthingtobealone.
In romantic relationships, you need enough personal space to be on your own when necessary.
Despite being affectionate, you have too many standards for potential life partners. Sometimes,
theideal candidateyou arehoping forsimply doesnotexist.
21Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
01. Life Path Number - 7
Wordsof advice
You should open up your heart. Number 7’s
can sometimes be distant and struggle with
displaying affection. Learn how to be caring
andaffectionatetowardsthosearoundyou.
Number 7’s should alsocultivate the belief that
as long as they do good deeds, miracles will
come to your life. A lifestyle with too much
analyzing and skepticism can be exhausting
anddrainyou completely ofenergy.
Get closer to nature and spend quiet time
alone to explore your innate talents. Practices
Constantly improve such as meditation or yoga are particularly
oneself beneficial tonumber7’s.
• Good analytical skills • Enjoys personal development
• Meticulous and demanding • Able to withstand pressure
• Observant • Logical thinking
• Broad and deep knowledge • Good memory
• Intensely focused • Able to grasp patterns
• Highly responsible with work • Influential and persuasive
performance
• Independent
• Strategizing skills and big vision
• Good fortune
• Intuitive
• Studious
Constantly improving yourself and becoming an expert in a
certain field
22Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
02. Balance Number - 8
The Balance Number indicates
how someone faces the
difficulties and challenges that
cometheirwayinlife
People with Balance Number 8 are highly energetic and always stand firm in the face of
challenges. They are very flexible and receptive to opportunities.
They are also outspoken individuals who readily express their opinions. They always act
unambiguously and with integrity, which makes it easy for them to earn people’s trust.
23Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
03. Destiny Number - 4
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on when
youcometothisworld,andwhatyoumust
dotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny,
you will find satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values for society
andyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to become an expert in a certain field.
You instinctively feel the need to dig deeper and study the wonderful knowledge that the
world has to offer. You must constantly learn and improve yourself; only then can there
be breakthroughs in your life.
Coming to this world, you carry the responsibility to become a “teacher” and therefore
must constantly make improvements to become the best version of yourself in the field
you wish to master.
As long as you have enough determination to fulfill your missions, society will reward you
with the appropriate accolades.
24Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 3
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
Having Life Path – Destiny Connection number 3 means you need to learn how to
make friends and interact with people, as well as how to relax. You can sometimes be
unnecessarily high-strung and anxious. Try to express yourself through much-needed
recreational and relaxing activities. You must dedicate enough time for yourself and
enjoy life more by doing things like learning how to dance or play music.
25Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
05. Soul Urge Number - 5
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind what you do and how you do it. It can explain
the root cause of the decisions you make and the way you react to everything and everyone
aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfactionyou have,aswellasgiveyou thedirectiontowardssuccess.
These desires can sometimes be so
concealed within our subconscious that we
have no awareness of them. Every action
and choice we make in life are influenced
by these desires , whether we realize it or
not. The Soul Urge Number’s significance
lies in the fact that it represents the above-
mentioned desires.
To calculate your Soul Urge Number, pick
out the vowels in your name and use the
Numerology chart.
This is such an important number because
it helps you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfaction you have, as well as give you
the direction towards success.
People with Soul Urge Number 5 must constantly be on the go and moving from place
to place to gain new experiences. These experiences help you develop new ideas,
which brings you happiness. Every time you come up with a new idea, you become
happy and excited because it gives them a new goal to aim for. Such ideas keep you
motivated to continue their journey and learn new things that are previously unknown.
The only challenge for people with Soul Urge Number 5 is to complete the goals they set
for themselves. Since you are constantly on the go, you become bored if it takes too
much time to reach a certain goal. However, this can also inspire them to come up with
new ideas and approach the goal from a different angle. So, it all works out in the end.
26Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
06. Birthday Number - 5
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has
blessed your personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of person you
want others to perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find
out which environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
Number 5 is associated with the pentagram, a symbol of good fortune. However, no matter how great
your fortune seems to be, you should still always watch out for the dangers that can be brought about by
“the unknown.” People with Birthday Number 5 must learn how to control their emotions. If they are able
todoso,thenumber5willtrulybeasignofprosperity.
People with Birthday Number 5 are very interesting and approachable individuals, who are willing to
accept viewpoints different from their own. However, your flashy appearance or sarcastic remarks may
offend people who live by the rules. Endlessly curious, you enjoy making small talk, having conversations
anddiscussingthelatesttrends.
Even when you are not the “life of the party” in its true sense, you are usually still the center of a crowd,
gatheringorparty.Youarealwaysreadytodiscussaburningissuewithanyonewhoiswillingtolistenand
respond.
Having a more flexible way of thinking than the majority of people, those with Birthday Number 5 are
readily receptive to even the most daring or reckless ideas. The way you act is just as flexible; you can
adapttoanysituation.
Thehealthiness ofarelationship oramarriage depends on howwellthe people involved understand each
other.Youmustbewillingtofillinthespiritualgapsintherelationship.Toyou,theclearcommunicationof
personal views is more important than hugs, kisses or any other forms of affection. Furthermore, you
dislike beingoverloaded withemotions,andhavearelatively rational wayofthinking.
People with Birthday Number 5 must be very careful when it comes to their health, since they have a
relatively busy lifestyle and can never sit still. Just like everyone else, you need enough rest. People with
thisBirthdayNumber lovetolistentoaudiobooksorwatchvideobooks,whichhelp themgetthroughthe
myriad problemstheyface inaday.
Lively, cheerful and outgoing, you have the ability to reach great heights, and to fill your life with
adventures anddelightful events.
27Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
07. Personality Number - 8
The personality number reveals
what kind of impression you
make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or
characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are frank, enthusiastic, assertive and
perceptive.
If a stranger asks them for help, people with Personality Number 8 usually try to get to
know the person before deciding whether to help them or not. To you, it's important to
build trust with someone before getting involved with them. You act in such a forceful
manner that you do not even realize the power you have. This inner power will be
extremely beneficial when wielded in the right way.
Entrepreneurs with Personality Number 8 can negotiate fair deals for themselves better
than anybody else could. As for your personal life, you are very strong and supportive of
your loved ones. Despite having no problem with being generous, you can tell if you are
being taken advantage of because you are highly perceptive and constantly on the
lookout for anyone trying to con you.
People want to work with you because you have all the abilities of a brilliant leader.
28Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 3
We always have certain views regarding ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge between your self-image and how others
perceiveyou.Thisnumbergivesyou advice on howtoadjustthewayyouareso that peopledo
notmisunderstand you.
You are a creative and artistic person. It’s fascinating talking to you so people often
want to associate with you. However, you are also very sensitive and will only confide
your innermost feelings to those closest to you. You should learn how to communicate
your emotions more clearly. Have confidence and showcase your talents to the world,
but be careful not to express yourself in an overbearing way.
29Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
09. Maturity Number - 11
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
duringthemostproductiveperiod
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
You will still be highly
perceptive and analytical.
Finding your life purpose is
extremely important to you, and
by now you will have made the
first moves towards achieving
this. You will be successful
career-wise and find great
companions, both as friends
and in other social contexts.
30Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
32Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
33Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
11. Rational Thought
Number - 11
This is a special number that reflects
the way you think and your decision-
making tendencies. Obviously, this
number does not tell you anything
about your life path or subconscious,
and instead has to do with your way
ofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
way you act in stressful situations. It
indicates the quality of the solutions
that you can come up with, and the
types of opportunities that will come
toyou.
People are unable to understand you through a regular way of thinking. Considered by
others as a creative and intriguing person, you do everything in your own way.
Therefore, those around you usually fail to grasp the way you think. Don’t worry, you
still have the potential to become an exceptional leader or an inspirational guide who
constantly delivers help and inspiration to others. You are highly intuitive and deeply
emotional; remember to make good use of these qualities.
34Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
12. Subconscious Self
Number - 6
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. The Subconscious
Self Number helps you focus on the
qualities you have that will be the
key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the main
toolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates the
qualities you must cultivate to be
able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When something happens, only if you can maintain inner peace will you be able to face
the situation. In such scenarios, rely on the person or place that makes you feel safe and
comfortable and can restore your energy. You are resistant to problems and know how
to handle them by nature. The only thing that can hurt you is an inner destabilization that
can lead to overwhelming side effects and make you simply lose self-control. Find your
own safe haven and take better care of yourself.
35Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
36Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
13. Hidden Passion Number - 7
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers
what we are truly passionate about,
and reveals what we must do to
prove ourselves and make our souls
feelcontent.
You are a person who can see the essence of everything. You will never do something
just because everybody does it or because it is trendy; you have your own interests, and
only believe in things that really matter. You try to perfect yourself in the few areas that
you have selected. You don't bother yourself with what other people think - you have
your own values. You are always willing to spend an evening on your own because you
know how to keep yourself company.
However, you are always ready to share the information you have and to help others. If
you are interested in something, the word "lazy" is erased from your vocabulary and you
can dedicate all of your time and resources to that interest. The stories you tell are
captivating, and you are a deep-thinker who becomes inspired easily and can also
inspire others.
37Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
38Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
39Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
40Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
41Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2027)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
42Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
43Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
44Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
45Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
15. Personal Month Number – 5
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
46Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
15. Personal Month
Number – 6
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
47Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 0 - age 29)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
48Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 29 - age 38)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
49Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 38 - age 47)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
50Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
16. Pinnacle Number – 11
(age 47 - age 56)
Every person’s life is composed
of four pinnacle cycles, each
representing a different degree
of maturity, responsibility and
learningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to
your life. The Pinnacle Number
will help you prepare for these
changes.
This is the time for you to tap into your intuition and perceptiveness. Your
personal development and spiritual journey will experience major fluctuations.
Number 11 will help you develop creative and intuitive powers that you can
harness to be of service to others. This number is associated with creativity and
the arts, which means you should choose a career in communication, music,
painting, dancing, poetry or any field that requires a broad perspective and
forwardthinking.
Perhaps you will feel a bit detached from reality and become drawn towards
matters concerning philosophy and social welfare. You might also feel anxious
and stressed, and encounter great challenges in your life, which can lead you to
develop theabilitytohelpandhealothers.
51Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
52Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
53Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
54Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
55Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: SALVIDGE GARY Date of birth: 14/02/1962
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67