Võ Hoàng Huân
05/08/1981Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Võ Hoàng Huân,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19810805PY3P6L
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
01 02 03
5 2 9
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
4 8 5
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
1 7 5
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
4 7 1,5,6,8
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1,2,3 4,6,1,9
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
3,4,1,7
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
01. Life Path Number - 5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 5 is associated with the ultimate freedom,
as well as tremendous creativity and passion.
Discovering the unknown, both in reality and in
theirown minds,is number5’s strength.
You are oriented towards career paths that
involve constantly seeking changes and new
horizons.
Number 5’s believe everyone has the right to
freedomand constantlypursuethis ideal.
•
Extremely free-spirited
Energyof Number5
Number 5 lies at the center of the map and
therefore is associated with being multi-talented
and adaptable, and has the ability to bring other
numberstogether.
The symbol of number 5 is a pentagram that
constantly shines brightly and attracts the
attentionofthosearoundit.
Number 5 represents an extremely strong source
of energy. As a result, individuals with Life Path
number 5 usually find success from innovation
andcreativity. Creativity
19Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
01. Life Path Number - 5
Career
You should never settle for an occupation that
involves sitting still all day and doing the same
thing over and over. Doing boring administrative
work would truly spell a disaster for you. In such a
situation, you would no longer be an energetic
and passionate person, and instead become
jadedandcynical.
At work, you are daring, adaptable and assertive.
You need to be on a career path that constantly
taps into your creativity. The brightest minds
among number 5’s are capable of creating
wonderfully creative and imaginative bodies of
work. If you have readthe Harry Potter series, it is
very likely that you found yourself immersed in its
Challenge winner
magical world, which would be perfectly
understandable as J. K. Rowling is on the Life
Path 5herself.
Suitable career paths for number 5’s include those that allow freedom such as writer, reporter,
translator, editor, photojournalist, news anchor, tour guide; and those that involve creativity such
assales,marketing,advertising,andsoon.
Your adaptability, adventurous spirit, and abstract thinking ability will be of great benefit to you.
When life presents you with questions and mysteries, your curiosity drives you to find the
answers faster than anyone else. Do not fret; you are patient and resilient enough to crack the
codesanduncover treasure.
Other important keywords for number 5’s include adaptability and freedom. You are deeply
averse to stagnation and monotony. You are a tireless explorer who is captivated by new ideas
andforeigncultures.Courageis theonequality thatothersareenvious ofyou .
You have the ability to ignite passions within other people and push them towards greatness, as
number 5 is constantlyfull of energy andpassion.Sales maybeaperfect career pathfor you, as
your wit and amiable disposition enable you to bring motivation and joy to others. You are also
adept at selling ideas and concepts thanks to your ability to easily instill thoughts in people's
minds.
You possess charms that are able to captivate others. When you are in a good mood and full of
energy, you will naturally become the center of any crowds. Connecting people is your area of
expertise, which you can perform through any medium, including articles, books, videos, TV,
and so on. You are adept at using communication channels to connect people, gather
information and spread messages. Number 5’s are frequently team leaders who are excellent at
bringingpeople together,which enables themtobecomeexcellent salespeople.
20Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
01. Life Path Number - 5
Strengths
You are able to put forward ambitious plans and
innovative ideas full of imagination. You are
open-minded, adaptable and like constant
changes. Action-oriented, inquisitive and
resourceful, you have the ability to devise
multiple effectivesolutions toaproblem.
Number 5’s are compassionate people who
easily sympathize with those in need. Deep
within them lies a strong motivation to help
othersescapepovertyandsuffering.
Captivativeattraction
Weaknesses
You should develop a mechanism that prevents
you from becoming bored and frustrated when
facing an obstacle. Additionally, be careful not to
become confused from possessing too many
ideas, talents,and abilities.
Another weakness that you need to look out for is
an excessive desire for freedom. You may find
yourself repeatedly moving or traveling in order to
find inspiration. You can also be frequently
switching jobs or changing your mind as the
grass is always greener on the other side to you.
Furthermore, you need to keep your emotions
under control and avoid mood swings from
Center of numbers
extreme highs to extreme lows. Many number 5’s
struggle in their career or love life duetothe need
forconstantchanges.
21Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
01. Life Path Number - 5
Wordsof advice
Once number 5’s have understood their inquisitive
nature and desire to conquer new frontiers, they
need to establish self-discipline. The higher the
degree of discipline and ethics they are able to
maintainforthemselves, theclosertheygettowards
success. You must stay determined in the pursuit of
your goals no matter how many hardships and
obstaclescomeyour way.
You should not be so adventurous as to disregard
the feelings of those around you. Do not let yourself
be dominated by your own ambitions. Number 5’s
need enough personal space to spread their wings,
but should always keep in mind the responsibilities
thatanadult is supposedtotake.
Prominent businessman You should seize every opportunity to shine
anytime and anywhere you can, as you were born
with the ability to radiate a strong field of energy
aroundyou. Takeadvantageofthiswonderfulgift.
You have great potential to become successful as long as you are determined to utilize your
creative talents to be of service to humanity. Should number 5’s be able to fully apply
themselvesandforgotrivial pleasures,itis certainthattheywill maketheirmark!
• Free-spirited and creative • Intelligent • Charming and able to
bring people together
• Adaptable • Able to seize
opportunities • Always ahead of the
• High level of energy
curve
• Graceful manners
• Desire to conquer the world
• Rich imagination
• Positive and cheerful
• Willing to take risks
• Open-minded and
• Excellent at selling products
liberal
and services
• Compassionate
• Resourceful and adept at
problem-solving
Learning how to stay determined and have self-discipline
22Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
02. Balance Number - 2
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 2 always want to solve problems in a peaceful manner.
Facing conflicts, they will step back and sacrifice.
When presenting with different choices, they should utilize their sharp intuition to
choose the right one. Their gut feelings and the decisions they make intuitively are
usually the correct one.
23Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
03. Destiny Number - 9
⮚ Your destiny is the role and responsibilities you must take on when you come to this world,
andwhatyoumustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny, you will find satisfaction and happiness, and create
incrediblevaluesforsocietyandyourcommunity.
Yourdestinyistoelevateandtransformtheway peoplethink.
Your mission is humanitarian in nature. You came to this world to give people unconditional
love, no matter how this manifests in your life. You become the best version of yourself
when you are able to take full advantage of your creativity, sensitivity, and altruism.
Number 9 is a powerful Destiny Number that demands you to learn how to transform and
heal (both yourself and others), as well as how to accept your past and sometimes even let it
go to make powerful steps forward.
Remember that you will receive more positive responses from others if you are able to
become an active and empathetic listener rather than a lecturer or preacher. Be careful with
the way you speak to avoid making people feel as if you are lecturing them.
Destiny Number 9 represents an extraordinary journey which will provide you with many
opportunities to make an impact on people’s lives and mend their deepest wounds.
Less fortunate souls often reach out to people with Destiny Number 9 in the hope of
receiving guidance. Open your heart and give them a warm welcome. Consider it a God-
given gift that enables you to practice “humanitarianism” in the best way possible.
24Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 4
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You need to learn how to think more pragmatically, as well as how to manage your time
and plan for your life. Working hard and focusing on a specific field will bring you
success. You must also learn how to keep up with the changing world around you.
You must not procrastinate or give up. Determination and perseverance will help you
achieve success and find happiness.
25Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
05. Soul Urge Number - 8
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and
how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you
make and the way you react to
everything and everyone around
you.
This is a very important number as
it can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
You want to fulfill your dreams, especially financial ones, so much that you are willing to
do almost anything to make them come true. Sometimes, you can lose patience and
take shortcuts because of how fast you want to realize your dreams. You must learn
from your mistakes in order to make better choices that will bring you closer to
achieving what you want in life.
You prefer frankness and dislike ambiguity. You tend to be irritated by anything that is
unclear because the truth is of utmost importance to you.
26Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
06. Birthday Number - 5
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has
blessed your personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of person you
want others to perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find
out which environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
Number 5 is associated with the pentagram, a symbol of good fortune. However, no matter how great
your fortune seems to be, you should still always watch out for the dangers that can be brought about by
“the unknown.” People with Birthday Number 5 must learn how to control their emotions. If they are able
todoso,thenumber5willtrulybeasignofprosperity.
People with Birthday Number 5 are very interesting and approachable individuals, who are willing to
accept viewpoints different from their own. However, your flashy appearance or sarcastic remarks may
offend people who live by the rules. Endlessly curious, you enjoy making small talk, having conversations
anddiscussingthelatesttrends.
Even when you are not the “life of the party” in its true sense, you are usually still the center of a crowd,
gatheringorparty.Youarealwaysreadytodiscussaburningissuewithanyonewhoiswillingtolistenand
respond.
Having a more flexible way of thinking than the majority of people, those with Birthday Number 5 are
readily receptive to even the most daring or reckless ideas. The way you act is just as flexible; you can
adapttoanysituation.
Thehealthiness ofarelationship oramarriage depends on howwellthe people involved understand each
other.Youmustbewillingtofillinthespiritualgapsintherelationship.Toyou,theclearcommunicationof
personal views is more important than hugs, kisses or any other forms of affection. Furthermore, you
dislike beingoverloaded withemotions,andhavearelatively rational wayofthinking.
People with Birthday Number 5 must be very careful when it comes to their health, since they have a
relatively busy lifestyle and can never sit still. Just like everyone else, you need enough rest. People with
thisBirthdayNumber lovetolistentoaudiobooksorwatchvideobooks,whichhelp themgetthroughthe
myriad problemstheyface inaday.
Lively, cheerful and outgoing, you have the ability to reach great heights, and to fill your life with
adventures anddelightful events.
27Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
07. Personality Number - 1
The personality number
reveals what kind of
impression you make on
others when they first
meet you. In other
words, it describes the
energy or characteristics
that you are projecting
totheworld.
People with Personality Number 1 constantly want to demonstrate their leadership
talents to the world. They are saying to everyone, “Let me lead your team, I’m certain I
will succeed.”
Like everyone else, people with Personality Number 1 are still human, and therefore are
bound to go through failures which they must learn from. You just don't want other
people to see you make such mistakes, as it may mean those people will no longer give
you the admiration they yearn for. People with Personality Number 1 are eager to move
forward in their lives, and are not afraid of handling negative situations as they come up.
Others consider you someone who can stay strong in the face of difficult situations.
People with Personality Number 1 care deeply about their image and how people
perceive them. Because of this, whenever you feel scared or vulnerable, you try to hide
those feelings from people.
28Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 7
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others
perceive you. This number gives
you advice on how to adjust the
way you are so that people do not
misunderstand you.
You need quiet time alone to contemplate the important matters in your life. You have
many questions that must be answered if you were to have inner peace. Quietness is
very beneficial to you.
You will feel content when you have attained a large wealth of knowledge and wisdom.
You have many ideas and ideals, and should spend time making plans to implement
them.
29Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
09. Maturity Number - 5
The Maturity Number tells you what you should
do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during
themost productiveperiodofyourlife,whichis
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you must learn how to be more flexible and creative in order to adapt to
the changes in your career and life. Prepare yourself in terms of mindset and energy to
deliver values and innovation to your career.
If you wish to change career paths, you should choose those that will offer you freedom,
autonomy and creative inspirations.
30Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
32Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
11. Rational Thought Number - 4
Thisisaspecialnumberthatreflectstheway you
think and your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not tell you anything
about your life path or subconscious, and instead
hastodowithyourway ofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up with, and the
typesofopportunitiesthatwillcometoyou.
You value things that are realistic and practical. When you think about something, you
always try to find supporting evidence and reasoning. You are able to correlate
numerous factors to arrive at the right idea. You rarely make mistakes with your first
impression of others. You also dislike being unprepared because it is important for you
to be in control of what happens in your life.
You have an implementation-oriented type of thinking. First, you gather, measure, and
compare information, and then you make plans and do everything necessary for those
plans to be carried out successfully. In some ways, you've managed to categorize the
chaos of your thoughts, and it has made you the person you are today.
33Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
34Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
35Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
36Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
13. Hidden Passion
Number - 6
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
You want to make a difference in this life, to make a statement, and to know that
everything you do will not be forgotten by the universe. You are interested in many
things because you strongly believe that everyone should constantly improve
themselves.
You are a combination of a flexible mind and a kind soul. You have a need to be
surrounded by people, but even a bigger need to be able to help them and to feel
meaningful. People with Hidden Passion number 6 develop themselves in many
directions. You can be passionate about sports, literature, music, and medicine, or all of
the above simultaneously. You are an enthusiastic force in our universe.
37Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
13. Hidden Passion Number - 8
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, andreveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
You should work hard and apply yourself fully in order for wealth and power to naturally
come to you. You need to learn how to be more compassionate and sympathetic.
38Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
39Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2024)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
40Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
41Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
42Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
43Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
44Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
45Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
46Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 2
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
47Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 3
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
48Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 0 - age 31)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
49Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 31 - age 40)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
50Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 40 - age 49)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
51Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 49 - age 58)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
52Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
53Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
54Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
55Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
56Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
57Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
58Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
59Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
60Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
61Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
62Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
63Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
64Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
65Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
66Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
67Full name: Võ Hoàng Huân Date of birth: 05/08/1981
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
68