Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Men Sithivichea ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
1 5 1
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
0 11 3
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
8 6 2
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
6,7
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
8 7 5,9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,8,4,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
1,2,1,3
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 1
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
A child with Life Path Number 1 possesses strong yin energy, which represents leadership capabilities, the
spirit of a pioneer, courage and an intense desire to express oneself. Like an eagle, your child needs a large
enoughterritory inthe sky to freelyspread their wings andshowcase the wonderful talents thatare unique
toonlythem.
Your child takes initiatives in doing what they are expected to and does not need to be pressed by their
parents. They usually stand out from other children of their age thanks to their quick wit, intelligence and
strong personality, as well as their ability to think, observe, and solve problems quickly in any situation.
Because of this, their leadership potential tends to become apparent from a very young age. They also like
expressingthemselvesandbeingthecenterofattention.Alwayswantingtobetheonewhomakestherules,
theyhavenoproblemsconvincingtheirfriends,nomattertheirages,to“playbytheirrules.”
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 1
STRENGTHS
Your childis constantly energetic andanimated,and does notlike to sitstill.Highly independent, they
want to make their own decisions and do everything their way without the need for anyone to press
them to. Whenever they have the intention to do something, they will try to do it as quickly as
possible.
Your child likes to showcase their talents and express themselves. They are always confident, and can
becomeevenmoresowhentheyreceiveother people’strustandrecognition.However,theyarevery
outspokenanddislikesweet-talking.
Decisiveandresilient,yourchildrarelychangestheirmindandwillcourageouslydefendtheirpersonal
views if necessary. They are also ambitious and have anexcellentability in pursuing goals, particularly
challengingones.Whenentrustedwithatask,theyreadilymakethecall,makedrasticmovesandtake
responsibility for their actions. Naturally gifted with leadership potential, they know how to make use
ofexternalresources,andtoguideotherstowardsachievingacommongoal.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Yourchild’sambitiousnaturemayleadthemtotakeontoomanytasksatonce,makingthemunableto
complete any one of them. Their ability to think and make decisions quickly means they tend to be
hastyanddothingsinasloppyorperfunctorymanner.
Yourchildmayhavethetendencytobestubbornandauthoritarian,andwanteverybodytodoasthey
sayanddothingstheirway.Themoretheystandoutandthemoreattentiontheyreceive,theeasierit
will be for them to become arrogant, boastful, selfish, unwilling to take advice, and indifferent to the
feelings of those around them. They particularly dislike being reprimanded and criticized in front of
otherpeopleorinpublic.
Your child also dislikes having things forced upon them and being disturbed when they are trying to
focus. When they do not get their way, they will react by doing something very drastic. They
sometimesstrugglewithcontrollingtheiremotionsandwillneedyourhelptobeabletocommunicate
howtheyarefeelingthrough words.
9
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 1
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
You should give your child the freedom to handle their personal affairs, such as organizing and
planning their daily routines by themselves. Whenthey are a bitolder,you shouldencourage them to
engageindifficultandchallengingactivities,orcreatesuchchallengesyourselfbasedontheirage.
Moreover, you should teach your child how to make plans, identify goals and divide them into stages,
andto avoidtaking on too many tasks,which can make them lose steam midway through. Youshould
alsochoosesuitablemomentstomotivatethemandhelpthemgainmoreconfidenceintheirabilities.
Additionally,youshouldavoidbeingjudgmentalorprojectyourselfontoyourchildwhentheyinsiston
standing their ground. Patiently listen to their point of view and ask questions that can help them
understandthesituationbetter.Ifyoudisagreewiththem,tellthemwhyyoudoinagentlemanner,or
even let them have a first-hand taste of failure. Prideful and stubborn by nature, they will learn the
mostfromtheirownfailures.
Suitable activities for your child include painting, music and construction toys, which will help them
becomemorepatient,andnourishtheirabilitytoovercomehardshipsanddoggedlypursuegoals.
10
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 1
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Has the spirit of a leader: self-reliant, independent, resilient, ambitious and forceful
• Naturally gifted at being a leader, likes leading others
• Takes responsibility for themselves and the work they are assigned
• Highly energetic, wants to express themselves and prove their abilities
• Has clear and straightforward views, dislikes sweet-talking
• Dynamic, energetic and creative
• Dislikes being criticized in front of other people or in public
• Might be stubborn, authoritarian and quick-tempered, and tends to take on too much responsibility
LESSON
Born with Life Path Number 1, your child must learn how to become someone who can guide
and lead people, as well as uncover and create unique values.
11
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 5
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has incredible creative abilities but are sometimes unable to fully harness them. When
encountering problems, they tend to avoid them and procrastinate instead of focusing on finding a
solution.Youshouldteachthemhowtobeopen-mindedandreceptivetonewapproachesratherthan
trying to reuse what they have found in the past. They will also need to learn how to be flexible and
adapttothechangesintheenvironmentaroundthem.Teachthemnottoavoidtheproblemandmake
excuses;theywillfindthesolutionaslongastheyarefocusedanddedicated.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 1
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomealeaderinthefieldthattheyareinterestedinandexcelat.Evenfrom
a young age, they like being authorized by their parents, and being the leader who guides a group
towardsachievingcommongoals.
Your child has a strong personality and firm opinions on every matter. Their strengths include being
decisive,proactiveanddaring.Theyalwaysapplythemselvesfullytoachievingsetgoalsandwillnotbe
demotivatedbydifficultiesorfailures.Theycanadjusttheirmindsetandperspectivetofindthewayto
overcometheobstacletheyarefacing.
Self-managementskillsandself-disciplinewillhelpyourchildbecomeanexceptionalleader.Nomatter
what they do, they must hone their ability to initiate and pioneer, as well as develop an open-minded
and progressive way of thinking. They need to maintain a burning desire for victory, an immovable
beliefinthemselvesandastrongsenseofresponsibilityineverythingtheyaretaskedwith.
As for weaknesses, your child is sometimes too focused on getting other people's attention and
recognition. They might be insensitive and indifferent, and ignore the opinions and feelings of those
around them. They can also become impulsive and stubborn, and refuse to ever change their mind.
Therefore,theyneedtolearnhowtonegotiateandmakecompromisesinmanysituations.
Destiny Number 1 will bring your child experiences that can help them discover themselves eliminate
self-doubts, and strengthen their willpower and determination. With enough focus and decisiveness,
yourchildwillshinebrightasabrilliantleaderinthefuture.
65
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION
NUMBER - 0
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 0 indicates that in order to attain success and
happiness in their life, your child needs to improve themselves everyday and focus on
following their Life Path and Destiny Number on the basis of Morality – Wisdom –
Effort, which serves as a guiding principle for the entirety of their life. Living by this
number and improving themselves in accordance with the 3-root system will bring
themlong-lastingsuccessandhappiness.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 11
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 11 indicates that your child is highly intuitive and intelligent, and has the ability to
work with statistics, analyze data, and invent new things. They are drawn towards the spotlight and
enjoy being in the public eye, and therefore have the potential to become an entertainer. Thanks to
their big visions and ability to inspire people, they can also take on the role of a diplomat or
peacemaker. They might also want to guide, lead and enlighten others, or have the ability to receive
informationfromother dimensions,whichcanenablethemto becomeaspiritualleaderor psychic,or
evensomeonewhowillbringhumanity’sconsciousnesstoahigherlevel.
However,theycanbecomeaselfishpersonwhoonlycaresaboutthemselves,anddevelopthehabitof
lyingtoorhiding thingsfromyou.Youshouldguidethemtotrustandfollowtheirgutfeelings.
95
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 3
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 3indicates thatyour childischarismatic andpositive,andtherefore caneasilycharm
and impress other people. Outgoing and drawn towards exciting and joyful things, they are naturally
gifted in many areas related to creativity and self-expression. You can activate and nurture these gifts
byencouragingthemtoread,singorwriteinordertodeveloptheirlinguisticskills,andsigningthemup
forclassesthatteachself-expressionskillssuchasbeingapresenter.
Having an intuitive way of thinking and a rich imagination, your child is able to radiate joy and
happiness everywhere they go. They are also highly intelligent, adaptable and creative. Therefore, you
shouldfocusondevelopingtheirimaginative,artistic,musicalandothercreativeabilities.
However,itcanbeeasyforyourchildtomissoutonopportunitiestogrowiftheylackself-confidence,
or procrastinate and spread themselves too thin to the point that they are unable to complete every
task. Beware that they easily become fixated on new experiences, as well as their interests and
passions. You should focus on teaching them how to set appropriate priorities, and avoid criticizing or
sayingharshwordstothem,becausedoingsocannegativelyimpactthedevelopmentoftheirskills.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 8
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are dynamic, energetic, outspoken and perceptive.
When someone asks them for help, they will get to know the situation before agreeing to the request. If
they do not feel comfortable doing so, they will decline in a straightforward manner, and will not change
theirmindonceadecisionhasbeenmade.
Your child pays a lot of attention to their appearances, and likes things that are attractive, colorful or
luxurious. They also enjoy being generous to others, but if anyone wants to take advantage of this, they
cansee through itrightaway. This iswhy youmay be surprisedby the way they handle certain situations.
However, it’s simply because they are perceptive to and cautious against attempts to take advantage of
them.
Some people like how unambiguous, practical and straightforward your child is because it means they
never have to guess what’s on their mind. That being said, in some cases, your child might hurt others’
feelingsbynotmincingtheirwordsaboutwhattheylikeordislike.Thesearethecharacteristicsassociated
with Personality Number 8 that they display to others. However, they are often simply initial impressions
anddonotrepresenttheentiretyoftheirthoughtsandfeelings.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 6
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
In order for your child to have congruence between their inner and outer identities, they will need to
become more sociable and actively present themselves as a friendly, responsible, loving and caring
person. At the same time, they also need to avoid imposing their own wishes on others, and instead
maintain harmony with everyone. Everything that comes from the place of being sincere and caring for
otherswillbethefoundationfortheirfuturesuccess.Whentheyshowloveontheoutside,theywillalso
receiveloveinreturn,whichhelpsthemrelievethestressandpressureintheirlife.
16
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 2
TheMaturity Numberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
Maturity Number 2 indicates thatthis isaperiod for your childto focus onthe
relationships they have both in their career and in their personal life. In order
to improve these relationships, they will need to be attentive and
understanding towards people, put themselves in others’ positions, and
becomemoreconsiderateandsensitivetopeople’sneeds.
Your child should actively form new relationships and expand their network,
andcreateorjoinacommunitythatisfoundedonloveandconnection, where
they take on the role of bringing the members together so thateveryone feels
happy and helps heal each other’s wounds or solve the problems in each
other’slives.
Should your child be able to spread these values, they will receive love from
thosearoundtheminreturn.Devotingthemselvestobeingofservicetoothers
will bring them valuable relationships. This is also a time when they should
appreciateeveryrelationshiptheyhave,andlearnhowtonurturethem.
20
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 6
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 6 indicates that your child might lack a sense of responsibility towards
themselves and others, yet still expect people to be responsible for them. Their aversion to being
constrained by other people’s needs and demands may lead to conflicts between them and other
familymembers.Therefore,youneedtoteachthemhowtobecaringandaffectionatetotheirfamily.
Inordertoactivateyourchild’sinnateabilitytotakecareofothers,youcanhavethempracticetaking
care of their personal belongings or pets. Additionally, you can allow them to participate in
philanthropic activitiestodevelopselflessness,generosityandcompassionwithinthem.
36
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 7
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 7 indicates that your child might lack determination in expanding their
knowledge and honing their expertise on an advanced level. Therefore, you should promote the love
oflearninginthemandcomplimenttheireffortstohelpthemgainself-confidence.
Your child needs to learn to be demanding of themselves by monitoring and evaluating their own
abilities in order to move forward. You should also teach them the habit of meticulously assessing
every problem on a profound level, because not having a deep understanding of important issues can
leadtofailuresintheirfuturecareer.
37
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 8
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
RationalThoughtNumber8indicatesthatwhenapproachingaproblem,yourchildhasa“bigger
picture” way of thinking that does not involve paying too much attention to details or being
fixated on the outcome. This type of thinking tries to solve problems through real-life
experiences either bythemselves orobservedandlearnedfromothers.Thisdataisthenquickly
scannedwithimagesthatcloselyresemblethesituationathand,whichallowsthemtocomeup
with the most viable options. Therefore, do not be surprised when you see them make decisive
andpracticaldecisions.
47
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 7
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious SelfNumber7indicatesthatyour childcanharnessthe power ofintuition whenitcomesto
assessingthepeopleandproblemsintheirlife.Aslongastheycanremaincalmandclear-headed,theywill
beabletofindtheoptimalsolution.
To help your child utilize the power of Subconscious Self Number 7, you should encourage them to focus
onandactivelythinkabouttheir problems,identify andanalyzetheoptimalsolution,aswellasvisualizea
mental picture of what the desired results might look like. They should keep their eyes on the most
positive outcomes even when they will be difficult to achieve, as away to employ the law of attraction to
manifestpositiveresultsnomattertheproblemtheyarefacing.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 9
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child is passionate about being of service and assistance to others. Doing
philanthropic work or humanitarian aid and helping their community are what
bringsthemhappiness.
Despite always having a comprehensive perspective about every problem they
encounter, they also have big ideas and tend to view them with rose-colored
glasses,whichsometimesmakesthemthinkinanunrealisticway.
Living with compassion, magnanimity and generosity will make your child a
morealtruisticperson,which,inreturn,earnsthemotherpeople’ssupportand
assistance, and helps them attract valuable resources that will enable them to
realizegrandideas.
68
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 0 - age 35)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 35 - age 44)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 44 - age 53)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 53 - age 62)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Men Sithivichea
03/11/2021
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43