Juergen Jano
05/04/2016Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Juergen Jano,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
20160405MB7M7V
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01 02 03
9 2 3
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
6 11 5
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
1 3 2,4,8
Personality, worldview, relationships and Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most Weaknesses you need to remedy
problems in the way you treat others energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10 11
7,8,9,1,2 9,5,5,4
Changes that may happen in the next few years Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01. Life Path Number - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out
the opportunities, challenges and lessonsthat you need to experiencein thislife. It also
indicateswhich direction your journeyof self-improvement shouldtake for you to attain
happiness.
People with Life Path number 9 are compassionate,
generous toward others, and can be dramatic when it
comestoemotions.
Every aspect of your life and being is influenced by
your strong humanitarian side. You have no shortageof
compassion and strive to make a difference in people's
lives.
You always have a strong sense of honor and can be
trusted with anything. You have virtually no prejudices
against anyone in your life. You are a person of
absolute integrity who never makes a biased judgment.
You arenotcontrolledbyyour emotions.
Your life purpose is to be of service to others. To be
capable of loving people without expectations and
judgment, you must go through many challenges and
difficultiesyourself.
Illuminating lighthouse
Number9is thelast numberoffinalization.
Energy of Number 9
Number 9 marks the point at which the numerical
series fully lights up. Its vibration is eternally
associated with the convergence of the numbers’
Unconditional giving finestqualities.
18Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01. Life Path Number - 9
Secretknowledge
Number 9’s are highly intuitive when it comes to
people. Number 9 is often associated with knowledge
andhumanity.
Career
Suitable career paths for individuals with Life Path
number 9 include those that allow them to be of
service or bring people together, such as altruistic or
philanthropic work, social welfare, public service,
ministry, doctor, nurse, veterinarian, any other helping
professional, musician, artist, educator, ambassador,
or any other occupations that involve long-distance
communication. They have the potential to be good
interpreters and intermediaries thanks to their ability to
understandotherpeople’s emotions.
Education changer
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate.
Sense ofResponsibility
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate. While you cannot
possibly right every wrong in the world on your own,
your immense compassion will influence you to find
ways to help. Number 9’s elevated position in
relation to other single-digit numbers means that a
personal sense of responsibility to others has a
higherplacementonyour chart.
It’s easy for you to earn people’s respect and
devotion. They can always turn to you for guidance
and assistance when in need; if you can, help them
Humanitarianism tothebestofyour abilities.
19Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01. Life Path Number - 9
You are altruistic, imaginative and always eager to
participatein philanthropic, literaryorartisticwork.
While some people with Life Path number 9 succeed in
taking advantage of their material blessings, you are not
particularly interested in the pursuit of money, wealth or
power. Should you achieve financial success, you will use
it tohelp others.
In extreme cases, many people with Life Path number 9
even give up all of their material possessions in service of
the betterment of humanity. They may donate large
amounts of money to organizations that conduct
humanitarian or aid work. Their material generosity is
directly connectedtoagenerosityofselfandspirit.
Immense love
Strengths
Number 9’s are genuinely friendly, charming, altruistic and
imaginative people who have developed humanitarian
instincts, like to give - rather than take, and readily
participatein philanthropic, literaryandartisticworks.
You are a very warm and lovable person who possesses
unique charms and a wonderful personality, which enables
you to connect with anyone. Number 9’s tend to be kind-
hearted, unconditionally loving, and very patient and
understanding towards others. If you have Life Path
number 9, you are a compassionate humanitarian who is
able to spread the energy of love to people. You are also
Gratitude and Loyalty idealistic and strong-willed. You were born with a natural
ability to counsel and heal by delivering the values of love.
Your greatest goal is to elevate people’s consciousness of
humanistic values.
20Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01. Life Path Number - 9
Strengths(continued)
There’s no limit to your imagination, and you like to give
rather than take. As a number 9, you have a captivating
personality, which enables you to fulfill your greatest
desires. Number 9’s have the ability to attain admirable
accomplishments and produce invaluable results or
products.
You lead people by setting examples; others model
themselves after you whether you are aware of this or
not. Your appeals come from how much people love you,
therefore, you should be conscious of your actions,
which serve as blueprints to others. You must be able to
doasyou say.
Your ideals will inspire others. Learning from you helps
themrecognizetheirown potential.
Generosity
Leaders with Life Path number 9 are also very
demanding of themselves and expect their own
performances to be in top shape. You have the ability to
elevate even the simplest and most ordinary things,
turning them into something meaningful and
extraordinary.
Number 9’s have keen eyes, are intelligent and quick-
witted, and can grasp the essence of a problem once
they have access to the bigger picture. You are an
enthusiastic and energetic person who lives their life to
thefullest.People feelwarm when theyarearoundyou.
Weaknesses
Exemplary leader Many number 9’s struggle with being selfless and giving
generously to others, and some even resist this natural
inclination, because they have yet to understand that
giving in to these tendencies of generosity can be
extremelyrewarding.
21Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01. Life Path Number - 9
Weaknesses(continued)
If you have Life Path number 9, remember that it’s
not your obligation to help everyone; simply do the
best within your abilities and do not succumb to
guilt when you are unable to help. Furthermore,
you need to recognize when you can help in order
not to spread yourself too thin and to make a real
impactonothers'lives.
Number 9’s should be cautious about being too
impatient with those who are slow or keep thinking
and acting erroneously. If number 9’s are afflicted
with negative memories, it’s not easy for you to let
them go, which may cause you to lose your
passion for life and become emotionally
withdrawn. Take care not to become arrogant or
dishonest. Without appropriate guidance, you may
close off your mind, let your abilities go to waste
andlive alifewithout purpose.
Be careful not to fixate on your own and others’
shortcomings, which can cause you to become
controlling towards them. Instead of constantly
wanting to be in charge, you should shift your
focus towards creating love, beauty and
excellence. Your role in life is to bring a poetic
beautyandthemusicofhappiness totheworld.
When you are able to focus on positive things,
your negative emotions will disappear. Should you
be in a state of negative energy, you may become
stubborn, irritable and constantly in conflict with
others. Nevertheless, despite being quick-
tempered, you forget and forgive just as quickly.
Be careful; sometimes, being too high-strung can
lead to conflicts. Deep within you lies a certain
degree of fear and insecurity. Therefore, you need
to eliminate this fear and believe that you will be
cherished,understoodandloved.
Quintessence of numbers
22Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
01. Life Path Number - 9
Possessing number 9’s energy, you were born to help others. You are compassionate and
always trytomakeadifferencein people’s lives.
• Eager to help • Considerate
• Adept at communication • Skilled in communicating with
people
• Able to earn trust easily
• Drawn towards humanistic and
• Forgiving and tolerant
educational careers
• Warm
• Has a broad perspective
• Intelligent
• Interested in the larger issues of
• Mature society
• Responsible • Concerned with changing the
perception of family members
• Intuitive
• Enjoys sharing
• Perfectionist with high standards
• Leadership spirit
Becoming a leader or someone who spreads humanistic values
to the world
23Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
02. Balance Number - 2
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 2 always want to solve problems in a peaceful manner.
Facing conflicts, they will step back and sacrifice.
When presenting with different choices, they should utilize their sharp intuition to
choose the right one. Their gut feelings and the decisions they make intuitively are
usually the correct one.
24Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
03. Destiny Number - 3
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to change people’s lives by using your way with words.
You must become someone who inspires others in a powerful way. You will fulfill your
highest purpose by leading a life that is full of optimism, enthusiasm, compassion and
joy.
Your positive qualities include beauty, uniqueness, excitement and fame. You will have
fulfilled your life purpose when you discover and express your true self, then inspire
others to do the same. If you abandon your dreams and neglect your natural talents,
you will struggle with depression and dissatisfaction. You must pursue your destiny,
focus on the things you have, place your trust in it and welcome it without reluctance.
Because number 3’s tend to provide you with a lot of talents and ideas, it can be
difficult for you to focus on any one thing, causing you to procrastinate or become
distracted. You must learn how to identify and recognize your emotions. Your
communication skills (using both written and spoken language), your intelligence and
wittiness, as well as your ability to listen and cheerful disposition will enable you to help
others.
You may struggle with mood swings and even face depression. You can sometimes be
unduly judgmental and skeptical towards others. You have a tendency to overthink,
therefore, try to relax your mind if you don't want to go insane.
Destiny Number 3 demands that you express yourself and help others do the same in a
positive and joyful manner. Career paths that involve communication and speaking will
bring you success. Stages, podiums and communal spaces are where people with
Destiny Number 3 belong.
25Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
04. Life Path – Destiny
Connection Number - 6
This number tells you what you must
do to learn your life lesson and fulfill
yourdestiny.
People with Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 are creative innovators. You need
to constantly bring inspiration and a warm energy to others. If you excel at something,
build on and enjoy this ability, as you have the ability to make everything better. For you,
the key to success is to make constant improvements and become more open.
The Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 represents an artistic combination. There
is an artist inside you; do not suppress this potential. People with this number commonly
make the mistake of concealing their talents and take them for granted instead of
nurturing them. Not only can artistic talents bring you both financial success and spiritual
satisfaction, they can also become a source of motivation and inspiration for others.
26Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
05. Soul Urge Number - 11
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 11
are natural mediators. You
constantly have the urge to settle
conflicts and create harmony. You
display profound knowledge about
life even from a young age,
although those around you are
generally not aware of this.
You have healing abilities and a
big vision. You have an unending
desire to make the world a better
place and devote yourself to a
higher purpose. Highly intellectual,
you like to contemplate abstract
ideas and concepts, and matters
of the spiritual realm.
27Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
06. Birthday Number - 5
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has
blessed your personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of person you
want others to perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find
out which environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
Number 5 is associated with the pentagram, a symbol of good fortune. However, no matter how great
your fortune seems to be, you should still always watch out for the dangers that can be brought about by
“the unknown.” People with Birthday Number 5 must learn how to control their emotions. If they are able
todoso,thenumber5willtrulybeasignofprosperity.
People with Birthday Number 5 are very interesting and approachable individuals, who are willing to
accept viewpoints different from their own. However, your flashy appearance or sarcastic remarks may
offend people who live by the rules. Endlessly curious, you enjoy making small talk, having conversations
anddiscussingthelatesttrends.
Even when you are not the “life of the party” in its true sense, you are usually still the center of a crowd,
gatheringorparty.Youarealwaysreadytodiscussaburningissuewithanyonewhoiswillingtolistenand
respond.
Having a more flexible way of thinking than the majority of people, those with Birthday Number 5 are
readily receptive to even the most daring or reckless ideas. The way you act is just as flexible; you can
adapttoanysituation.
Thehealthiness ofarelationship oramarriage depends on howwellthe people involved understand each
other.Youmustbewillingtofillinthespiritualgapsintherelationship.Toyou,theclearcommunicationof
personal views is more important than hugs, kisses or any other forms of affection. Furthermore, you
dislike beingoverloaded withemotions,andhavearelatively rational wayofthinking.
People with Birthday Number 5 must be very careful when it comes to their health, since they have a
relatively busy lifestyle and can never sit still. Just like everyone else, you need enough rest. People with
thisBirthdayNumber lovetolistentoaudiobooksorwatchvideobooks,whichhelp themgetthroughthe
myriad problemstheyface inaday.
Lively, cheerful and outgoing, you have the ability to reach great heights, and to fill your life with
adventures anddelightful events.
28Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
07. Personality Number - 1
The personality number
reveals what kind of
impression you make on
others when they first
meet you. In other
words, it describes the
energy or characteristics
that you are projecting
totheworld.
People with Personality Number 1 constantly want to demonstrate their leadership
talents to the world. They are saying to everyone, “Let me lead your team, I’m certain I
will succeed.”
Like everyone else, people with Personality Number 1 are still human, and therefore are
bound to go through failures which they must learn from. You just don't want other
people to see you make such mistakes, as it may mean those people will no longer give
you the admiration they yearn for. People with Personality Number 1 are eager to move
forward in their lives, and are not afraid of handling negative situations as they come up.
Others consider you someone who can stay strong in the face of difficult situations.
People with Personality Number 1 care deeply about their image and how people
perceive them. Because of this, whenever you feel scared or vulnerable, you try to hide
those feelings from people.
29Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
09. Maturity Number - 3
The Maturity Number tells you what you should do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during the most productive period of your life, which is
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you must focus on personal branding. Number 3 is associated with
extraversion and social connections. The more time you spend among crowds, the more
successful you will be.
If you want to become a certain type of person, you should apply yourself fully to
cultivating and asserting your values. The whole universe will come together to assist you
in this endeavor in the best way possible.
In this period, people will listen to you and ask you for advice. Therefore, you need to
improve your communication skills so that everything you say makes an impact on
others.
30Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
32Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
33Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
34Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
35Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2025)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
36Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
37Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2027)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
38Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 0 - age 27)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
39Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 27 - age 36)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
40Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 36 - age 45)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
41Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 45 - age 54)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
42Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
43Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
44Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
45Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
46Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
47Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
48Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
49Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
50Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
51Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
52Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
53Full name: Juergen Jano Date of birth: 05/04/2016
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
54