Juergen Marlow
27/05/2000Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Juergen Marlow,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
20000527FG9B2Z
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
01 02 03
7 5 9
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
2 11 9
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
7 7 2,8
Personality, worldview, relationships and Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most Weaknesses you need to remedy
problems in the way you treat others energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10 11
3,4,5,6,7 5,2,7,7
Changes that may happen in the next few years Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
01. Life Path Number - 7
The Life Path Number is the
most important number in Map
for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to
experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your
journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain
happiness.
Enlightener
Number 7’s are wise and sensitive philosophers, as well as profound analyzers who are always
searchingfor somethingtoputtheir faith into. Asa number 7, you constantly want touncoverthe
mysteriesoflife.You arereceptivetomysticismandhave arichimagination.
You have a passion for learning, expanding your knowledge, reading and self-studying. Number
7’s biggestlifelessons aretotirelessly improvethemselvesandtobemorally upright.
Energyof Number 7
Number 7 represents the intellectual world, enlightenment and moral uprightness. It reminds us
to constantly improve ourselves, learn new things, and figure out the essence of everything.
Number7’s energyis associatedwith profoundanalysis and sharpintuition.
Characteristics
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
beaninvaluable membertoacademiaand researchinstitutes.
18Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
01. Life Path Number- 7
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very
rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a
perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around
you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your
mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
be an invaluable member to academia and
researchinstitutes.
It’s easy for you to find true friends, because
your intellect and perception allow you to
quicklyrecognize liars and pretenders. Youmay
not have a large number of friends, but those
Expert
who qualify are close and lifelong ones. Never
lower your standards; such friendships will
never last.
Even though number 7’s are often charming, which attracts people towards them, you surround
yourself with a wall that not just anyone can get through. You are not being intentionally aloof;
the wall’s purpose is to ward off any insecurities that you might harbor. Instead of being a social
butterfly, who dives headfirst into social situations, you stayback and assess thesituation before
approaching.
A natural introvert, you are usually not eager to become a part of organizations and groups. You
may be considered by some as socially old-fashioned as you prefer interacting with people at a
relatively slow pace. You value alone time and have no problem with isolation. You spend such
timesreading,studying,orresearching,and overall expanding your intellect andknowledge.
To others, people with Life Path number 7 can come across as distant or aloof. If you have
difficulties with social interactions, these characteristics can spiral into secretiveness or
pessimism.
However, you must understand that you need others just as much as they need you. There are
always good friends to be made, and you can sometimes overlook the positive aspects people
mayhave in your initial assessmentofthem.Do notbetoohastyin writing someoneoff.
Career
Suitable career paths for number 7’s include scientific authority, archeologist, antique expert,
psychoanalyst, surgeon,historian,biologist, investigator,journalist,psychiatrist,andsoon.
With a soul that is drawn towards humanistic values, you can also excel as a lecturer,
humanitarianworker,monk,etc.
19Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
01. Life Path Number - 7
Strengths
You are excellent at analysis and research, bright
and curious, constantly seeking knowledge,
technical and inventive, bookish, meditative,
charismatic in terms of personality and behavior,
attractedbysolitude andpeace,andaperfectionist.
Number 7’s are able to find the link between
anything and form a connection between ideas and
topics that seemingly have nothing to do with each
other. They also have the potential to bring changes
totheirsurroundings.
Profound person
Number 7’s tend to have a good memory, and enjoy contemplating history in order to sharpen
their intellect. You are also very interested in technological and scientific innovations, as well as
predictions ofthefuture.
You are a natural researcher who always thinks on a profound level and is observant to the
mysteries of life. Your performance is at its best when you work alone for extended periods of
time.As Pythagorasonce said,“Thoseseekingwisdom should dosoalone.”
Your intellect drives you to constantly ask “Why” to everything. You like to view life through a
lens that combines logic and intuition. Number 7’s prefer learning from experiences and dislike
being held back by rules. You should choose a suitable area of expertise and dig deep to
becomeanexpertin it.
The perpetual desire for knowledge often causes number 7’s to travel a lot in order to learn and
read more about different lands and cultures, and about space and time. Number 7’s are very
concerned with maintaining acontingencyfund. It’s agoodthing to bethrifty, but they should not
skimponinvesting in personaldevelopment.
Weakness
The fact that you are nearly always right means that you need to be careful not to become over-
confident and self-righteous. You need to remain open to the idea that there are still things
otherscanteachyou, even when you seemtohave learnedeverything.
Many number 7’s prefer living on their own and may struggle with letting others into their lives.
You may also find it difficult to overcome the belief that you are entitled to great things or the
world treats you unfairly. You must try your best to tolerate people and make the best of who
they are. No matter how good you are, you do not have everything; never walk alone.When you
facethebattlesoflife,it’s notagoodthingtobealone.
In romantic relationships, you need enough personal space to be on your own when necessary.
Despite being affectionate, you have too many standards for potential life partners. Sometimes,
theideal candidateyou arehoping forsimply doesnotexist.
20Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
01. Life Path Number - 7
Wordsof advice
You should open up your heart. Number 7’s
can sometimes be distant and struggle with
displaying affection. Learn how to be caring
andaffectionatetowardsthosearoundyou.
Number 7’s should alsocultivate the belief that
as long as they do good deeds, miracles will
come to your life. A lifestyle with too much
analyzing and skepticism can be exhausting
anddrainyou completely ofenergy.
Get closer to nature and spend quiet time
alone to explore your innate talents. Practices
Constantly improve such as meditation or yoga are particularly
oneself beneficial tonumber7’s.
• Good analytical skills • Enjoys personal development
• Meticulous and demanding • Able to withstand pressure
• Observant • Logical thinking
• Broad and deep knowledge • Good memory
• Intensely focused • Able to grasp patterns
• Highly responsible with work • Influential and persuasive
performance
• Independent
• Strategizing skills and big vision
• Good fortune
• Intuitive
• Studious
Constantly improving yourself and becoming an expert in a
certain field
21Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
02. Balance Number - 5
The Balance Number indicates how someone
facesthedifficultiesandchallengesthatcome
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 5 usually have a very optimistic outlook on the challenges
in life. No matter how much hardship they are facing, they can still remain positive and
hopeful.
People with this Balance Number tend to prefer a life full of freedom and joy. They
should learn how to be self-disciplined and avoid spending too much time chasing
pleasure.
22Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
03. Destiny Number - 9
⮚ Your destiny is the role and responsibilities you must take on when you come to this world,
andwhatyoumustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny, you will find satisfaction and happiness, and create
incrediblevaluesforsocietyandyourcommunity.
Yourdestinyistoelevateandtransformtheway peoplethink.
Your mission is humanitarian in nature. You came to this world to give people unconditional
love, no matter how this manifests in your life. You become the best version of yourself
when you are able to take full advantage of your creativity, sensitivity, and altruism.
Number 9 is a powerful Destiny Number that demands you to learn how to transform and
heal (both yourself and others), as well as how to accept your past and sometimes even let it
go to make powerful steps forward.
Remember that you will receive more positive responses from others if you are able to
become an active and empathetic listener rather than a lecturer or preacher. Be careful with
the way you speak to avoid making people feel as if you are lecturing them.
Destiny Number 9 represents an extraordinary journey which will provide you with many
opportunities to make an impact on people’s lives and mend their deepest wounds.
Less fortunate souls often reach out to people with Destiny Number 9 in the hope of
receiving guidance. Open your heart and give them a warm welcome. Consider it a God-
given gift that enables you to practice “humanitarianism” in the best way possible.
23Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 2
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to settle differences peacefully and avoid conflicts. Addressing
problems in a straightforward manner is a good thing, but try to be gentler when
expressing your opinions.
You are competent and do not hesitate to help others, but it is still necessary to
establish boundaries with those who seek your help. Value your time and learn how to
prioritize.
24Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
05. Soul Urge Number - 11
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 11
are natural mediators. You
constantly have the urge to settle
conflicts and create harmony. You
display profound knowledge about
life even from a young age,
although those around you are
generally not aware of this.
You have healing abilities and a
big vision. You have an unending
desire to make the world a better
place and devote yourself to a
higher purpose. Highly intellectual,
you like to contemplate abstract
ideas and concepts, and matters
of the spiritual realm.
25Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
06. Birthday Number - 9
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has blessed
yourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want
otherstoperceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, youwillfindout
which environment can enable you to fully harness
yourwonderfulqualities.
People with this birthday number are sensitive but also very
logical. You have great intuition and a comprehensive way of
thinking. You also tend to be well-educated and well-read. You
are highlyperceptive and can always make sense ofthe events
in your life. Based on the experience you have gained, you are
usuallyable todrawaccurate conclusions.
You can easily forgive the mistakes both you and others make
because you assess situations from a philosophical
perspective. People with Personality Number 9 tend to be
perfectionists who always want the best thing in life. You are
very demanding, not only to yourself but also to those around
you.
You are highly affectionate; even though it’s not easy for you to
fall for someone or make new friends, you will be very serious
with the relationships once you have done so. It can also be
problematic how charming you are, because being too
infatuated with you can make the other person lose their
senses.Inromanticrelationships,youprefertobeseduced and
controlled bytheotherperson.However,this unusualtendency
isnotproblematic toyourlovelife.
People with Birthday Number 9 are usually smart enough to
learn from their mistakes, as well as the mistakes they see
others make. You are willing to sacrifice yourself for people.
You like to do good deeds and tend to spend a lot of time
doingphilanthropic workorhelpingthoseinneed.
People with Birthday Number 9 are deeply affectionate, have
clearideals,anddesiretorighteverywrongintheworldoreven
bring happiness to everyone. You are also quite idealistic and
passionate. You have more creative talents than anybody else.
It can be said that the universe favors you a little too much,
because as long as you apply yourself fully in your life and
career – without being greedy and overambitious – you will be
rewarded quitegenerously.
26Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
07. Personality Number - 7
The personality number reveals
what kind of impression you
make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or
characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are rational, knowledgeable, analytical and
sometimes a bit unapproachable.
Individuals with Personality Number 7 are at their strongest when they are alone or are
doing things on their own. This can be beneficial to you under the right circumstances.
Solitude allows you to guide your own life based on the experiences you have had and
the knowledge you have learned. This makes you smarter, and you know how to use
your intelligence to excel even more in life.
People respect and admire you for the vast amount of knowledge you have. However,
some may find it difficult to approach you because of the mysteriousness surrounding
you. Others have trouble figuring out what you are really like on a personal level. But
once you have let someone into your inner circle, they will discover how kind and
sympathetic you are behind the mask you put up.
You should be more open-minded if you were to have more social relationships.
27Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
09. Maturity Number - 7
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
during the most productive period
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
Number 7 is associated with the completion of intellectual and spiritual development.
This number indicates that you must further improve yourself through scientific and
philosophical research, as well as the use of your intuition. In this period, you must
continue sharing your knowledge with others and elevate their intellectual capabilities.
28Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
29Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
30Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
31Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
32Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
33Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
34Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
35Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 0 - age 29)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
36Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 29 - age 38)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
37Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 38 - age 47)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
38Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 47 - age 56)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
39Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
40Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
41Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
42Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
43Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
44Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
45Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
46Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
47Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
48Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
49Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
50Full name: Juergen Marlow Date of birth: 27/05/2000
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
51