Ngo Lam Noah
16/05/2022Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Ngo Lam Noah,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
20220516QS9L3J
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01 02 03
9 4 1
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
8 5 7
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
5 0 1
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
9 7 1,5,6
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,4,7,11
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
2,1,1,1
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01. Life Path Number - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out
the opportunities, challenges and lessonsthat you need to experiencein thislife. It also
indicateswhich direction your journeyof self-improvement shouldtake for you to attain
happiness.
People with Life Path number 9 are compassionate,
generous toward others, and can be dramatic when it
comestoemotions.
Every aspect of your life and being is influenced by
your strong humanitarian side. You have no shortageof
compassion and strive to make a difference in people's
lives.
You always have a strong sense of honor and can be
trusted with anything. You have virtually no prejudices
against anyone in your life. You are a person of
absolute integrity who never makes a biased judgment.
You arenotcontrolledbyyour emotions.
Your life purpose is to be of service to others. To be
capable of loving people without expectations and
judgment, you must go through many challenges and
difficultiesyourself.
Illuminating lighthouse
Number9is thelast numberoffinalization.
Energy of Number 9
Number 9 marks the point at which the numerical
series fully lights up. Its vibration is eternally
associated with the convergence of the numbers’
Unconditional giving finestqualities.
19Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01. Life Path Number - 9
Secretknowledge
Number 9’s are highly intuitive when it comes to
people. Number 9 is often associated with knowledge
andhumanity.
Career
Suitable career paths for individuals with Life Path
number 9 include those that allow them to be of
service or bring people together, such as altruistic or
philanthropic work, social welfare, public service,
ministry, doctor, nurse, veterinarian, any other helping
professional, musician, artist, educator, ambassador,
or any other occupations that involve long-distance
communication. They have the potential to be good
interpreters and intermediaries thanks to their ability to
understandotherpeople’s emotions.
Education changer
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate.
Sense ofResponsibility
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate. While you cannot
possibly right every wrong in the world on your own,
your immense compassion will influence you to find
ways to help. Number 9’s elevated position in
relation to other single-digit numbers means that a
personal sense of responsibility to others has a
higherplacementonyour chart.
It’s easy for you to earn people’s respect and
devotion. They can always turn to you for guidance
and assistance when in need; if you can, help them
Humanitarianism tothebestofyour abilities.
20Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01. Life Path Number - 9
You are altruistic, imaginative and always eager to
participatein philanthropic, literaryorartisticwork.
While some people with Life Path number 9 succeed in
taking advantage of their material blessings, you are not
particularly interested in the pursuit of money, wealth or
power. Should you achieve financial success, you will use
it tohelp others.
In extreme cases, many people with Life Path number 9
even give up all of their material possessions in service of
the betterment of humanity. They may donate large
amounts of money to organizations that conduct
humanitarian or aid work. Their material generosity is
directly connectedtoagenerosityofselfandspirit.
Immense love
Strengths
Number 9’s are genuinely friendly, charming, altruistic and
imaginative people who have developed humanitarian
instincts, like to give - rather than take, and readily
participatein philanthropic, literaryandartisticworks.
You are a very warm and lovable person who possesses
unique charms and a wonderful personality, which enables
you to connect with anyone. Number 9’s tend to be kind-
hearted, unconditionally loving, and very patient and
understanding towards others. If you have Life Path
number 9, you are a compassionate humanitarian who is
able to spread the energy of love to people. You are also
Gratitude and Loyalty idealistic and strong-willed. You were born with a natural
ability to counsel and heal by delivering the values of love.
Your greatest goal is to elevate people’s consciousness of
humanistic values.
21Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01. Life Path Number - 9
Strengths(continued)
There’s no limit to your imagination, and you like to give
rather than take. As a number 9, you have a captivating
personality, which enables you to fulfill your greatest
desires. Number 9’s have the ability to attain admirable
accomplishments and produce invaluable results or
products.
You lead people by setting examples; others model
themselves after you whether you are aware of this or
not. Your appeals come from how much people love you,
therefore, you should be conscious of your actions,
which serve as blueprints to others. You must be able to
doasyou say.
Your ideals will inspire others. Learning from you helps
themrecognizetheirown potential.
Generosity
Leaders with Life Path number 9 are also very
demanding of themselves and expect their own
performances to be in top shape. You have the ability to
elevate even the simplest and most ordinary things,
turning them into something meaningful and
extraordinary.
Number 9’s have keen eyes, are intelligent and quick-
witted, and can grasp the essence of a problem once
they have access to the bigger picture. You are an
enthusiastic and energetic person who lives their life to
thefullest.People feelwarm when theyarearoundyou.
Weaknesses
Exemplary leader Many number 9’s struggle with being selfless and giving
generously to others, and some even resist this natural
inclination, because they have yet to understand that
giving in to these tendencies of generosity can be
extremelyrewarding.
22Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01. Life Path Number - 9
Weaknesses(continued)
If you have Life Path number 9, remember that it’s
not your obligation to help everyone; simply do the
best within your abilities and do not succumb to
guilt when you are unable to help. Furthermore,
you need to recognize when you can help in order
not to spread yourself too thin and to make a real
impactonothers'lives.
Number 9’s should be cautious about being too
impatient with those who are slow or keep thinking
and acting erroneously. If number 9’s are afflicted
with negative memories, it’s not easy for you to let
them go, which may cause you to lose your
passion for life and become emotionally
withdrawn. Take care not to become arrogant or
dishonest. Without appropriate guidance, you may
close off your mind, let your abilities go to waste
andlive alifewithout purpose.
Be careful not to fixate on your own and others’
shortcomings, which can cause you to become
controlling towards them. Instead of constantly
wanting to be in charge, you should shift your
focus towards creating love, beauty and
excellence. Your role in life is to bring a poetic
beautyandthemusicofhappiness totheworld.
When you are able to focus on positive things,
your negative emotions will disappear. Should you
be in a state of negative energy, you may become
stubborn, irritable and constantly in conflict with
others. Nevertheless, despite being quick-
tempered, you forget and forgive just as quickly.
Be careful; sometimes, being too high-strung can
lead to conflicts. Deep within you lies a certain
degree of fear and insecurity. Therefore, you need
to eliminate this fear and believe that you will be
cherished,understoodandloved.
Quintessence of numbers
23Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
01. Life Path Number - 9
Possessing number 9’s energy, you were born to help others. You are compassionate and
always trytomakeadifferencein people’s lives.
• Eager to help • Considerate
• Adept at communication • Skilled in communicating with
people
• Able to earn trust easily
• Drawn towards humanistic and
• Forgiving and tolerant
educational careers
• Warm
• Has a broad perspective
• Intelligent
• Interested in the larger issues of
• Mature society
• Responsible • Concerned with changing the
perception of family members
• Intuitive
• Enjoys sharing
• Perfectionist with high standards
• Leadership spirit
Becoming a leader or someone who spreads humanistic values
to the world
24Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
02. Balance Number - 4
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 4 are
always cautious and disciplined when it
comes to their work. They are also very
demanding and have high standards.
When people with Balance Number 4
encounter new knowledge, they always
want to make detailed analysis and ask
as many questions as it takes to get to
the rootof the matter.
Every team needs a member with
Balance Number 4 to be able to perform
systematic work that requires careful
assessment.
25Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
03. Destiny Number - 1
Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take
on when you come to this
world,and what you must doto
bebeneficialtoit.
Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find
satisfactionandhappiness, and
create incredible values for
societyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to transform people into leaders.
Your mission is to become a leader in whichever career path you are passionate about
and excel at. You love power and want to be the best at what you do. You have very
high expectations both for yourself and for others.
Your purpose is to lead and pioneer – people with Destiny Number 1 are always full of
life and are usually the center of attention. You are courageous, tend to act
independently according to your creative ideas, like innovation and have a strong sense
of responsibility. You communicate and act with clarity and compassion.
Destiny Number 1 will bring you life experiences that allow you to explore yourself and
eliminate self-doubts. You must stay determined and never let any obstacle or barrier
get in the way towards realizing your vision. You are able to keep work and play
separate. In order to reduce stress, you will need to follow an exercise regimen.
Destiny Number 1 indicates that, whether you are doubting yourself or do not have the
courage to use your powers, it is still your destiny to become a leader. You must
express your uniqueness and leadership talents in order to guide others. Destiny
Number 1 demands that you grow from a dependent person into a self-reliant one,
then develop individuality, become accomplished and finally be a pioneer.
26Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 8
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You tend to undervalue how much you are worth. You must put an end to this
tendency in order to succeed. Everything you do is deserving of praise.
Additionally, you must learn the value of money and how to build business models that
are able to generate cash flows. Having Life Path – Destiny Connection number 8
means you need to have a practical approach when it comes to doing business.
27Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
05. Soul Urge Number - 5
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind what you do and how you do it. It can explain
the root cause of the decisions you make and the way you react to everything and everyone
aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfactionyou have,aswellasgiveyou thedirectiontowardssuccess.
These desires can sometimes be so
concealed within our subconscious that we
have no awareness of them. Every action
and choice we make in life are influenced
by these desires , whether we realize it or
not. The Soul Urge Number’s significance
lies in the fact that it represents the above-
mentioned desires.
To calculate your Soul Urge Number, pick
out the vowels in your name and use the
Numerology chart.
This is such an important number because
it helps you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfaction you have, as well as give you
the direction towards success.
People with Soul Urge Number 5 must constantly be on the go and moving from place
to place to gain new experiences. These experiences help you develop new ideas,
which brings you happiness. Every time you come up with a new idea, you become
happy and excited because it gives them a new goal to aim for. Such ideas keep you
motivated to continue their journey and learn new things that are previously unknown.
The only challenge for people with Soul Urge Number 5 is to complete the goals they set
for themselves. Since you are constantly on the go, you become bored if it takes too
much time to reach a certain goal. However, this can also inspire them to come up with
new ideas and approach the goal from a different angle. So, it all works out in the end.
28Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
06. Birthday Number - 7
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhat
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you
wereborn.
This number also reveals the kind
of person you want others to
perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday
Number, you will find out which
environment canenable you tofully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
People with Birthday Number 7 are unpredictable; they can go from being reserved and even distant, to
being enthusiastic, sociable and energetic in an instant. You may need more personal space than the
average person,butyoucaneasily become cheerful andfriendly. Youfeel comfortable ineithersituation.
You are a person of fewwords whoenjoys contemplating yourself like atypical introvert.As aresult, you
tend to feel nothing but loneliness. But all too often, this introverted “mode” is nothing more than a
methodofself-preservation andcanbe“switched off” atanymoment.
Thosewhogenuinelywanttomakefriendswithyouwillallbereciprocated.Theywillalsorealizethatyou
areveryconcerned witheverything inlife.
People with Birthday Number 7 are not only daydreamers with mysterious personalities, they are also
very philosophical and practical. In the search for life’s meaning, you tend to go off the beaten path, but
ineveryday situations,youfollowyourintuition.
In order to have a happy marriage, people with Birthday Number 7 must have a strong sense of
responsibility, share the same interests with their life partners, and find a suitable parenting approach.
Youusuallyhave astrongandlovingbondwithyourchildren.
When interacting with people with the same Birthday Number, you will present yourself as an
independent personwith astrongpersonality.Youarestillyourtrueself,butiftheotherpersonisrudeto
you, your attitude will change completely. Despite being honest and devoted, you can sometimes be
inconsiderate ofothers’feelings.
You tend to have good health and are likely to live a long life, but you still need to be careful. Stress and
overworkcanlead toillnesses.
People with Birthday Number 7 usually love sports, whether as a player or a fan. Sports appeal to you
because itgivesyouawaytotemporarily forgetaboutthehustleandbustleofdailylife.
People with this Birthday Number are logical thinkers. In life, you rarely make mistakes. You are sincere,
humble, have many interests and a great sense of humor. You are also more likely to have a peaceful,
accomplished andhappylife thanotherpeople.
29Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
07. Personality Number - 5
The personality number reveals what kind of
impression you make on others when they
first meet you. In other words, it describes
the energy or characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are energetic, approachable, intelligent and
sharp-witted.
People with Personality Number 5 tend to be admired by others. You are naturally gifted
at captivating people. Your elegant manners and sense of humor make those around
you feel comfortable in any situation. Everything you do and every joke you make are all
memorable.
People with this Personality Number constantly want to bring positive energy to those
around them in order to stay calm and composed. However, if you manage to also
harness your negative energy, you can restrain your impulsivity and use your talents to
please as well as motivate others to do better things.
Your business partners frequently offer you business opportunities due to the fact that
you demonstrate the spirit to conquer, which compels people to share with you about
the projects they are about to undertake.
Because you do not want others to know you are struggling, you sometimes present
yourself as a carefree person and try to appear strong. Therefore, people frequently
consider you as a “never-sad” person.
30Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 0
We always have certain views regarding ourselves
and those around us. The Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number serves as a bridge between
your self-image and how others perceive you. This
number gives you advice on how to adjust the way
youaresothatpeopledonotmisunderstand you.
You are constantly full of energy and passion for
the things you do. You are held in high regard
by others for the advice and help that you can
give.
You tend to be considered a role model for
others because of how kind and respectable
you are. Even though some people are envious
of you, they cannot help but respect you
because everything you have was achieved
through hard work and honesty.
You are a simple and sincere person. Do not
overload yourself with responsibilities. Your
efficiency will vastly improve if you stay focused
on one specific thing.
31Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
09. Maturity Number - 1
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
duringthemostproductiveperiod
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
In this period, you must stand on your own two feet against the hardships that will
come your way. But do not fret; once you have overcome them, you will reach a new
height in your life where many triumphs await you.
You must take care of yourself and strive to assert your abilities in order to gain a
certain degree of reputation. You don’t need to prove anything to anyone; now, you are
the one assessing and analyzing others. Enthusiastic and energetic, you readily take on
leadership roles because you know how to manage and lead people. You work hard,
achieve great results and take responsibility for everything you do.
You are not as obstinate as you have previously been, and feel that you need to be
more open to new sources and new information. This is a period to find time for a
hobby that helps you relax. Try not to expect too much from others, and before striking
up a conflict, always imagine what it means to be in the other person's shoes.
32Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
33Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
34Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
11. Rational Thought Number - 9
This is a special number that reflects the way
you think and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life path or
subconscious, and instead has to do with your
wayofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act
in stressful situations. It indicates the quality
of the solutions that you can come up with,
andthetypesof opportunitiesthatwillcometo
you.
Being attentive to details, you only think
about a few things at a time, and are
therefore never overloaded with
information. It is normal for you to think
about how to improve the current state of
affairs and how to change things for the
better. Your mind is always searching for
better solutions. You are intellectual and
have well-developed moral values.
People around you sometimes find you
difficult to understand because you tend to
have different life purposes from them.
Unlike you, they mostly think about their
own position and advantages, while you
often have the best interests of everyone in
mind. Your type of thinking can be
described as idealistic rather than realistic.
35Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
36Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
37Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
38Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
13. Hidden Passion
Number - 6
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
You want to make a difference in this life, to make a statement, and to know that
everything you do will not be forgotten by the universe. You are interested in many
things because you strongly believe that everyone should constantly improve
themselves.
You are a combination of a flexible mind and a kind soul. You have a need to be
surrounded by people, but even a bigger need to be able to help them and to feel
meaningful. People with Hidden Passion number 6 develop themselves in many
directions. You can be passionate about sports, literature, music, and medicine, or all of
the above simultaneously. You are an enthusiastic force in our universe.
39Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
40Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2024)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
41Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2025)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
42Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
43Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
44Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
45Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
46Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
47Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
15. Personal Month Number – 1
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
48Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
15. Personal Month Number – 2
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
49Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 0 - age 27)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
50Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 27 - age 36)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
51Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 36 - age 45)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
52Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
16. Pinnacle Number – 11
(age 45 - age 54)
Every person’s life is composed
of four pinnacle cycles, each
representing a different degree
of maturity, responsibility and
learningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to
your life. The Pinnacle Number
will help you prepare for these
changes.
This is the time for you to tap into your intuition and perceptiveness. Your
personal development and spiritual journey will experience major fluctuations.
Number 11 will help you develop creative and intuitive powers that you can
harness to be of service to others. This number is associated with creativity and
the arts, which means you should choose a career in communication, music,
painting, dancing, poetry or any field that requires a broad perspective and
forwardthinking.
Perhaps you will feel a bit detached from reality and become drawn towards
matters concerning philosophy and social welfare. You might also feel anxious
and stressed, and encounter great challenges in your life, which can lead you to
develop theabilitytohelpandhealothers.
53Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
54Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
55Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Ngo Lam Noah Date of birth: 16/05/2022
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67