Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Phillip John Anderson James ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
2 1 6
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
4 6 6
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
9 3 8
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
2
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
9 8 1
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,2,8,5
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
3,1,2,4
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number 2 is the number of harmony, balance and connection. Your child can be described as a
compassionateintermediary who makesthe worldabetter placeandsomewhere worthliving in. They
areaffectionate,alwayswanttohaveanintimatebondwiththosearoundthemandenjoybeingdoted
on.Theyknowhowtobeflexibleandcleverinthewaytheycommunicateandbehavesothateveryone
aroundthemispleasedandhappy.
Yourchildenjoyshelpingotherpeople,andisverysensitiveandperceptivetotheirfeelingsandneeds.
Because of this, they are very good at bringing people together, as well as de-escalating tension and
mediatingconflicts,bothathomeandatschool.Theyareabletorecognizechangesintheatmosphere
aroundthem,andknowwhattheyshoulddotobringpeoplecomfortandresolvedisputes.Theyreadily
listen to and sympathize with others, and are willing to be understanding and sympathetic towards
othersandputthemselvesatadisadvantageinordertomaintainanamicableatmosphere.
12
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
STRENGTHS
Yourchildhasnaturaldiplomatictalentsandcanprovethemselvestobea“messengerofpeace”even
from ayoung age. They are agoodlistener and know howto make the personthey are talking to feel
safe, relaxed and happy. Thanks to their intuitive perception, they can “read” the other person’s
thoughts andfeelings basedontheir facial expressions andgestures, which allows them to respondin
anappropriateway.
Your child is sincere and open-minded, and tends to always have a positive outlook. They also enjoy
beingaffectionatetothosearoundthem.Affectionisveryimportanttothem.Ifsomeoneisinneedof
their help, they will give it to them unconditionally and wholeheartedly. Their ability to empathize
helps them see the different angles to a problem, understand the reasoning of every party involved,
andactwithfairnessandintegrity.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Yourchildoftenbecomesworriedandanxiouswhensomeonearoundthemisbeingangry.Theyoften
try to please others evenif itmeans they are putat adisadvantage. If they bottle up negative feelings
foranextendedperiodof time,itmayleadtoemotionaltraumasandcausethemtobecomereserved
andsufferfromanxiety.
Your child struggles with making their own decisions and is easily influenced by the environment
around them. They tend to be cautious and wary when facing challenges or put into a new
environment. They can also become reliant on other people, struggle with being independent, and
developafearofresponsibilitiesandpressure.
13
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
ACTIVATE YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldprovideyourchildwithadomesticenvironmentthatislovingandfullofrespect,whereall
family members frequently check on, care for and show affection to each other. You can also
encourage them to take care of pets or house plants, help with chores and care for their younger
siblings. Their biggest need is to feel safe and secure, so you must avoid arguing with your spouse in
frontofthemandgivingthemharshreprimandsororders,whichcanbeextremelyhurtful tothem.
Yourchildwillalsoneedyourreassuranceandencouragementwhenevertheyhavetomakeadecision
or face a challenge. When they feel anxious, scared or agitated, you should give them a hug and
encouragethemtoexpresstheiremotions.Youshouldalsoteachthemhowtoprotectthemselvesand
asserttheiropinions.
Youcanencourageyourchildtoengageinartisticactivitiessuchasacting,singing,dancing,paintingor
playingamusicalinstrumentinordertodeveloptheirsensitivityandabilitytoempathizewithothers.
14
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Perceptive, sensitive, can listen to and empathize with others
• Enjoys displaying affection to others
• Able to bring people together and facilitate reconciliation
• Willing to help others and make compromises.
• Likes stability and security, dislikes competition and pressure
• Highly intuitive and great at replicating
LESSON
Life Path Number 2 indicates that your child’s lesson is to be a mediator with a compassionate
and benevolent soul.
15
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 1
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Highly independent, self-reliant and strong-willed, your child is usually able to handle their personal
problems quickly and effectively. They have a lot of confidence in their abilities and rarely need help,
even when the problem is serious. However, their abilities alone are sometimes not enough to solve
the problem,especially whenthey are in needof emotional support. Youshould helpthem learn how
to have a broader perspective, tame their ego, consult the opinions of those around them and ask for
theirhelpwhennecessary.Masteringtheseskillswillenablethemtosucceedeverystepofthewayon
theirlifejourney.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 6
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild's destinyistobecomeasupporterandprotector.Humble,generousandkind-hearted,they
donothesitatetohelpthosewhoareexperiencinghardshipsortroubles.Theycanalsoseewhatother
people think or feel very clearly thanks to their strong intuition and sensitive perception. Therefore,
they are agreatfitfor career paths thatinvolve nurturing, beingof service to or takingcare of others.
Onsuchajourney,theyneedtolearnhowtotakeresponsibilityfortheirdecisionsandtoreadilystand
upforfairnessandjustice.
Yourchildtreatsotherswithhonesty,integrityandfairness.Theylikethingsthatarepeaceful,familiar
and stable. Their relatively good communication skills, combined with their kind-hearted and
enthusiastic nature, allows them to always be ready to share with or teach others what they have
learned.
Occasionally, they can worry too much and try to interfere with other people’s lives. They must learn
how to maintain balance, focus on themselves more, and trust other people to take care of
themselves. They shouldalso learnhowto restand relax properly inorder to avoid beingtoo stressed
outandsensitive.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 4
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 4 indicates that your child needs to develop
their logical thinking skill and learn how to analyze, be more self-disciplined, organize
theirpersonallife,setschedulesandmakeplanstoreachtheirgoals.
When your child is able to develop self-discipline, become more determined and
focusedonwhatthey do,or discovertheir passionforacertainfield,they will beginto
take steps towards success. They must maintain a competent implementation ability
andapracticalperspectiveineverydecisiontheymake.
You should provide your child with a suitable environment to develop self-discipline
and become more organized. Teach them how to set goals and make plans to reach
them. These skills will help them fulfill the mission of Life Path – Destiny Connection
Number4.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 6 indicates that your child is loving and loyal. They are devoted to their family and
strongly believe in traditional values. They also exhibit artistic talents and the ability to appreciate
beauty.Highlyempathetic,theyalwayswantto helpothersandgivethemgoodadvice.Inreturn,they
needtofeellovedandacceptedbytheirfamilyandfriends,andtohaveintimatebondswiththem.
Despite being able to guide and persuade others, your child must be careful not to be too frank and
brusque, and express their opinions too aggressively. Having strong opinions also means they can
sometimes be stubborn and talk back to you. Similarly, their need for people’s recognition can make
them too demanding of others and thus bothersome to them. These are the shortcomings that you
mustpayattentiontowhenyourchildhasSoulUrgeNumber6.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 6
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
BirthdayNumber6indicatesthatyourchildishighlycompassionateandaffectionate,especiallytotheir
family and friends. If they are the eldest child in the family, they will be a model older sibling who are
very loving and considerate to their younger brothers and sisters because of how loving, caring,
empathetic and devoted they naturally are to their family and friends. Born to shoulder great
responsibilities,theyalwayswanttolistentoorhelpthoseinneed.
Even from a young age, your child loves beauty and prefers to pick personal belongings to their liking.
Whentheyarealittleolder,youmightnoticethattheyalwayspayattentiontotheirfamilyandhome.
Creative and naturally gifted in many artistic fields such as painting and music, they have a very
powerfulanduniquespeakingorsingingvoice.PeoplewithBirthdayNumber6havethepotentialtobe
highlysuccessfulinthefieldsofradiobroadcasting,television,arts,design,healthcareorsocialservices
aslongastheyareprovidedwithappropriateguidance.
However,yourchildcanalsohavethetendencytobepossessiveortoexpresstheirviewsandattitudes
too aggressively. Once this tendency has emerged, it will be very difficult to control, especially in
adulthood, which can leadto many problems, including an impolite manner of speaking, a disobedient
attitude and even irresponsible behaviors. As a microcosm of society, family plays the biggest role in
the formation of your child’s personality and lifestyle. Therefore, in order to ensure that they do not
adoptbadhabits,youmustkeeptheir ownactions andtendencies under control. Moreover,youneed
to be a good role model for them by maintaining a positive attitude and always fulfilling your
responsibilities.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 9
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’sfirstimpressionofyourchildisthattheyareintelligent,multi-talentedandefficientineverything
theydothankstotheirbroadperspective.It’seasyforthemtoearnpeople’strustthankstotheirabilityto
lead,coverproblems,andprioritize.
They are also very likable because of how empathetic and magnanimous they are. A warm heart is what
otherpeoplenoticethemostaboutthem.
Your child is generous and readily shares what they have with people. They are also willing to put
themselves at a disadvantage for the sake of others, and are able to empathize with people who are in
difficultsituations.
Inshort,PersonalityNumber9indicatesthatyourchildleavesanimpressionofkindnessandnoblehuman
spiritonothers.
9
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 3
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates thatyour childshouldtake more initiative whenitcomes to communicating with
others,bemorecreativeinthewaytheyexpressthemselves,andbuildtheir self-confidence.Theyneed
to stay in a constant state of high energy and positivity, which will help them attract the attention of
thosearoundthem.
When your child has developed and mastered their style, they will become an extremely interesting
person who everyone wants to be associated with. However, to avoid being perceived as egotistical,
theyshouldrefrainfromexpressingthemselvesinanoverbearingmanner.
13
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 8
TheMaturityNumberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
Maturity Number 8 indicates that this is the time for your child to focus on
learning and educating themselves on investment, business and
administration.Duringthisperiod,whenopportunities tomakeinvestmentsor
operate a business operation present themselves, they should be ready to
begin putting their business talents into practice. This is also the time when
they should hone their financial management skills, develop an accurate
understanding of the nature of money, and make investments based on their
ownknowledge.Encouragethemtoconstantlylearnfromsuccessfulpeople.
26
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 9 indicates that your child's way of thinking involves looking at
everything based on all the information they are able to gather and then coming up with the
most suitable solution. When making every decision, they tend to always find a solution that is
agreeable to everyone and prioritizes common interests. Sometimes, their decisions are made
forothers’sbenefitsmorethanfortheirown.Thesolutionstheyproposecanalsobedescribed
asidealisticratherthanrealistic.
48
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 8
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
HavingSubconsciousSelfNumber8willhelpyourchildmaintainarealisticviewpointofthesituationsthey
encounter in life. From a practical perspective, they will be able to identify their goal for each situation,
aimforviableresultsandconstantlythinkaboutthegoaltomakeitareality.
Inorder to helpyourchildharnessthe powerofthisnumber,youshouldaccompanyandsupportthem in
establishing goals for their academic career and personal life. These goals need to have specific results,
whichallows themto envisionwhatit will be like to achieve them. This vision will helpthem be confident
anddeterminedenoughtoachievetheirgoals.
58
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER – 1
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child constantly wants to make their own decisions, and to become a
leader or a pioneer. When they receive other people’s trust, this number will
give them the willpower and determination they need to reach their goals.
They also like to express themselves and never shy away from taking
responsibilityfortheirchoices.
Ifyourchildcanutilizetherobustresourcesthey havetoharnessthe powerof
Hidden Passion Number 1, they will be able to become a leader in the future.
However,intheprocessofpursuingtheirpassion,theyshouldalsotakeothers’
views into consideration, which will give them the right idea of what direction
theyshouldtake.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 6
(age 0 - age 34)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period when your child needs to focus on taking care of familial affairs. They should spend more
time for their family because the energy associated with family and taking care of loved ones will help
their career progress smoothly. During this period, there is no need for them to overexert themselves or
raceagainstanything.Instead,theyshouldfocusontheirfamilyfirst,thenonthecommunity.
During this period, your child will be considerate, caring and helpful to their family and other people
aroundthem,andfilltheirworldwithloveandaffection.Theyshouldactivelyengageinsowingseeds,for
example,bydonatingtochildrenofimpoverishedfamiliesortohomelesspeoplebecausetheywillradiate
an energy of altruism, magnanimity and compassion. Should they be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessingswillbebestoweduponthem.
This is also a time when your child feels a stronger sense of responsibility. Their life will mostly revolve
aroundbeingofservicetoothers,whichisalsothelessontheymustlearn.Therefore,evenwhentheyare
still young, you must be a role model for them on how to be attentive, caring and helpful to people.
Developing these qualities in their everyday life will help them successfully complete their Pinnacle 6.
Their family will serve as a solid foundation for their development, a safe haven where they can always
findshelter,andalsothelaunchingpadfortheircareer.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 34 - age 43)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 43 - age 52)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 52 - age 61)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Phillip John Anderson James
24/09/1985
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 4
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number4indicatesthatyourchildneeds tofocusonstudyinganddevelopingtheir expertise,
whichwillserveasthefoundation fortheirsuccess.
Additionally, they need to pay more attention to matters that require them to be detail-oriented and
meticulous, such as paperwork. Learning how to be disciplined and organized will help them overcome
thischallenge.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42