Sylwia Pani
13/11/1969Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Sylwia Pani,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19691113NK4K5G
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
01 02 03
22 8 3
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
1 9 4
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
3 6 7
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,4,6,8
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
8 5 1
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,2,8,9
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
2,3,1,5
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
01. Life Path Number - 22
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
You always speak and act with integrity. You make commitments through the words you speak and
nevergoagainstthosecommitments.
Youarepassionateabouteverythingyoudo.Inthefaceofchallengesandfailures,youstaycomposed
and follow contingency plans, which you always have on hand. Despite being relatively complicated,
yourmissionisverypowerfulandintriguing.Youcanbedescribedasthecalmeyeofthestormandan
unwaveringpillar inthemidstofcrisis.
EnergyofNumber22
Number 22 is one of the most powerful Life Path numbers.With the right commitment and motivation,
you are able to connect people, ideas and resources – the three components you need to carry out
your plans. The road towards your goals is filled with dramatic events, which will empower you and
helpyouassemblethe“puzzle pieces”inthegameoflife.
Career
Ideal career paths for individuals with Life Path number 22 include mechanic, engineer, architect,
hardware manufacturer, artisan, carpenter, builder, contractor, construction worker, furniture trader,
technician, programmerorcomputeranalysis engineer,militaryofficer,manager, librarian, accountant,
civilorgovernmentalservices,coach,officeadministrator.
People with Life Path number 22 must be the one in charge of their own lives. They can transform
ideasintowordsandactionsthankstotheirability tousetherightmethodsandseethebiggerpicture.
19Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
01. Life Path Number - 22
You always speak and act with integrity. You make commitments through the words you
speakandnever goagainstthosecommitments.
You must learn how to prioritize, and always keep in mind the real values of all things. You
may combine your skills and talents to develop a mechanism. You shy away from risks, but
also rarely choosethesafest path. You are able tostrategize, and know whento act andhow
togoaboutit.
Your biggest challenge is keeping yourself under control. Always strive to become better in
your areaofexpertise,which will enable you totransformyour own andothers’lives.
Strengths
You have great sensibility regarding order and morality, and constantly strive to push limits.
You are highly pragmatic and have a scientific way of thinking. You are concerned with
sustainable growth and building the foundation for success. You are a skillful organizer and
expert manager. You have the potential to become a masterful architect who is able to
recognize patternsandbringthemtotherealworld.
20Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
01. Life Path Number - 22
You always speak and act with integrity. You make commitments through the words you
speakandnever goagainstthosecommitments.
Weaknesses
Number 22’s efforts to reach their goals may become negative traits. You sometimes feel
irritated with shallow people. Some number 4’s focus so much on daily routines, they miss
out on great opportunities. You may be engulfed in ignorance with no way of escaping.
Number4’s canalsobeexcessively nitpicky, aggressiveor serious.
You are a person of integrity who is passionate and
determined. With the right commitment and
motivation, you will be able to assemble the “puzzle
pieces” and be the architect of magnificent projects
andorganizations.
21Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
01. Life Path Number - 22
Possessing number22’s energy,you were borntoturngrandvisions andambitions into reality.
• Big visions • Loyalty
• Implementing skills • Creativity
• Ability to connect people • Sincerity
• Good intuition • Self-discipline
• Ability to access and analyze • Unique way of thinking
opportunities
Becoming a great creator of the world
22Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
02. Balance Number - 8
The Balance Number indicates
how someone faces the
difficulties and challenges that
cometheirwayinlife
People with Balance Number 8 are highly energetic and always stand firm in the face of
challenges. They are very flexible and receptive to opportunities.
They are also outspoken individuals who readily express their opinions. They always act
unambiguously and with integrity, which makes it easy for them to earn people’s trust.
23Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
03. Destiny Number - 3
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to change people’s lives by using your way with words.
You must become someone who inspires others in a powerful way. You will fulfill your
highest purpose by leading a life that is full of optimism, enthusiasm, compassion and
joy.
Your positive qualities include beauty, uniqueness, excitement and fame. You will have
fulfilled your life purpose when you discover and express your true self, then inspire
others to do the same. If you abandon your dreams and neglect your natural talents,
you will struggle with depression and dissatisfaction. You must pursue your destiny,
focus on the things you have, place your trust in it and welcome it without reluctance.
Because number 3’s tend to provide you with a lot of talents and ideas, it can be
difficult for you to focus on any one thing, causing you to procrastinate or become
distracted. You must learn how to identify and recognize your emotions. Your
communication skills (using both written and spoken language), your intelligence and
wittiness, as well as your ability to listen and cheerful disposition will enable you to help
others.
You may struggle with mood swings and even face depression. You can sometimes be
unduly judgmental and skeptical towards others. You have a tendency to overthink,
therefore, try to relax your mind if you don't want to go insane.
Destiny Number 3 demands that you express yourself and help others do the same in a
positive and joyful manner. Career paths that involve communication and speaking will
bring you success. Stages, podiums and communal spaces are where people with
Destiny Number 3 belong.
24Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 1
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must become stronger and have more confidence in your abilities. Learn how to
be proactive, self-reliant and decisive. Use your intuition to make decisions and avoid
being dependent on the opinions of others. Do not concern yourself too much with
people’s expectations; instead, be proactive and assertive in the pursuit of your dreams
and ambitions.
25Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
05. Soul Urge Number - 9
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind
what you do and how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you make and the way
youreacttoeverythingandeveryone aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you
make sense of every desire and dissatisfaction you
have, as well as give you the direction towards
success.
People with Soul Urge Number 9 always want
to solve the problems of just about everybody in
the world, whether it’s people they know or
complete strangers. The desire to be accepted
by others is one of the main reasons behind
how eager you are to help people. Your goals
are exclusively related to helping others. In
return, people with Soul Urge Number 9 simply
wish to be loved and appreciated for their
kindness and generosity.
You also have the need to feel like they've done
something meaningful in their lives by helping
those less fortunate. This is what you live for –
you often look for new problems to solve in
other people's lives.
26Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
06. Birthday Number - 4
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural talents are,
and what gifts the Universe has blessed your personality with
onthedayyouwereborn.
Thisnumberalsorevealsthekindofpersonyouwantothersto
perceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find out which
environment can enable you to fully harness your wonderful
qualities.
The Birthday Number 4 is associated with those who have a solid foundation and strong
supportive capabilities – this is the reason why it’s one of the most important numbers. People
withBirthday Number4willsticktotheir principlesuntilthevery end.
People with this Birthday Number tend to be more practical than most, and have the ability to
achievegreatsuccessinlife.
People with Birthday Number 4 have a tremendous intellectual potential and mental capacity
that can help them persevere through any hardships. Your emotions rarely affect you, and every
move you make is guided by a baseline logical reasoning, which is, in turn, guided by the
thoughtsthat arisefrom yourintuition.
You dislike wasting time on things that are not included in your plan. You strive to maintain the
bond and respect you have for those you want to work with. Moreover, you have a serious
attitude and try to instill it in those around you. Therefore, you have the tendency to be preachy
and sanctimonioustowardsyourfamilyand friends.
People with Birthday Number 4 are very reliable. You have irresistible charms despite appearing
aloof. People with this Birthday Number rarely make romantic gestures. In a relationship, the only
things that’s important to you are sincerity and honesty, which you highly value. You consider
marriage to be a major life goal and will navigate towards it when your emotions are fierce and
trustfulenough.
Number 4 is associated with the most stable personalities. However, in some cases, you may
project a completely different image to the world. Many people with Birthday Number 4 are
natural leaders who tend to incorporate other people’s help and input into the way they lead.
Achieving consensus is your method of operation. This leadership style earns you the support of
many.
27Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
07. Personality Number - 3
The personality number reveals what kind of impression you make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it describes the energy or characteristics that you are projecting to
theworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are a humorous, cheerful, energetic and
charming person.
People with Personality Number 3 are all beautiful, whether in their outward appearance
or their inner mind. But no matter which kind of beauty you may have, you are always
energetic and lively among any group of people you surround yourself with. You
constantly want to get others' attention in order to feel loved. It is easy for you to
accomplish this because people cannot help but be drawn to your beauty, be it on the
outside or inside.
People often feel like they can tell you anything even if they just met you at the first time.
As a result, others readily share business ideas with you, and business opportunities
frequently present themselves to you.
People with Personality Number 3 always want their talents to be recognized, and
therefore will do everything they can to showcase them to the world.
28Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 6
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You are a sociable person to whom relationships are very important. Your cheerful and
motivated disposition inspires those around you. However, do not be naive and share all
your plans with others. This does not mean you should shut yourself off from people or
be overly cautious. You need to find people that you truly trust because this will be the
foundation of your success. Keep loved ones close to you as they can help you
destress, and remind yourself to display affection to others.
29Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
09. Maturity Number - 7
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
during the most productive period
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
Number 7 is associated with the completion of intellectual and spiritual development.
This number indicates that you must further improve yourself through scientific and
philosophical research, as well as the use of your intuition. In this period, you must
continue sharing your knowledge with others and elevate their intellectual capabilities.
30Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
32Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
33Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
34Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
11. Rational Thought Number - 8
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
way you act in stressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
When thinking about something, it is normal for you to scan information as if you are
already familiar with it; you think in keywords and quick concepts, which allows you to
easily examine an array of options. Other people can’t seem to understand how you
can find the answer in such a way, but it gives you an advantage, so you readily make
use of it.
You examine everything that comes into your mind, and when a complicated thought
appears, you tend to simplify it, or create an easier model of or a suitable comparison
to such a concept. This can be referred to as an analytical style of thinking.
You tend to have big visions and a comprehensive perspective, and see the big picture
rather than paying attention to details.
35Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
12. Subconscious Self Number - 5
For most of us, life always comes with
obstacles.TheSubconsciousSelfNumberhelps
you focus on the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner obstacles.
These qualities will sometimes help you handle
a certain aspect of a problem, overcome
obstacles in a calm manner, or even serve as
themaintoolforproblemsolving.
Inshort, thisnumberindicatesthequalitiesyou
must cultivate to be able to handle any
unexpectedtrouble.
As soon as something happens in your life, you need to concentrate and use your mind
and creativity to overcome the situation. You will not be able to afford missing any
details. Control your emotions and don't let them disorient you. If you feel the urge to
flee from the situation, consciously force yourself to face the problem head on; this will
create a precedent of success that will increase your self-esteem. Your flexible mind
won't let you down, so use it to your advantage. You must learn how to be more
disciplined and organized when it comes to work. Stay calm and determined to
overcome challenges instead of giving up.
36Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
37Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
38Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
39Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
40Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
41Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
42Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
43Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
44Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
45Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
15. Personal Month Number – 4
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
46Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
15. Personal Month Number – 5
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
47Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 0 - age 32)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
48Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 32 - age 41)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
49Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 41 - age 50)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
50Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 50 - age 59)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
51Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
52Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
53Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
54Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
17. Challenge Number - 5
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
Duringthis period,itwillbevery difficultforyou to sit still.Youwillfeelthe desire to
change everything all at once, make risky choices and get into short-lived
relationships. The Challenge Number 5 encourages you to treasure everything you
have,controlyourselfbetter andstop wastingtimeonfleetingandtrivialpleasures.
You will be able to successfully traverse this unstable period by finding a shoulder
to lean on or a haven where you feel safe, which will motivate you to maintain self-
control. You must be more determined, and try to find unique ways of expressing
yourself.
55Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Sylwia Pani Date of birth: 13/11/1969
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67