Đinh Công Minh
26/10/1995Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 2Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 3Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
"3-root" Personality Tree
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 4Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
A letter
Dear Đinh Công Minh,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 15Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
01 02 03
6 2 1
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
5 6 8
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
4 2 7
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
1,2
Weaknesses you need to remedy
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 16Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
7 7 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
5,6,7,8,9 9,1,2 9,5,5,7
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
7,2,5,5
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 17Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
01. Life Path Number - 6
The Life Path Number is the most
important number in Map for
Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to
experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your
journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain
happiness.
The defining characteristic of people
born with Life Path number 6 is a
focus on the harmony within their
families, truth, justice, and a desire
to preserve and foster domestic
values. You radiate a very warm
energy.
Number 6 represents the acts of
protecting, loving, and being of
service to others. You have an
instinctive need to play the role of a
parental figure and give people
advice. You also love to protect
Unconditional love
things and people, and will make a
greatparent.
Energyof Number 6
Number 6 is a harmonious number. Its vibration represents friendship, love, harmony, health,
beauty and knowledge. This number forms a single unit that associates with perfection. You
radiate an energy of warmth and encouragement, which makes those around you believe in
themselves.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 18Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
01. Life Path Number - 6
Characteristics
Not only do you care deeply for your
family and always ensure that everyone
is taken care of, but this focus can carry
over into the workplace. Individuals with
Life Path number 6 apply these talents
and sensibilities on coworkers,
communities, or organizations they are
passionate about.
You mainly derive satisfaction and
happiness from contributing to society
and being of service to others. Many
individuals with Life Path number 6 are
humanitarians. Any team you are a part
of quickly achieves success, not
because you are a strong leader, but
because you are able to bring all of its
members together by caring for every
oneofthem.
Caring and protection
A focus on family and close friends takes priority over all of your other interests in life. The
leadership roles you play might be small, but are of vital importance to the foundation of society.
You actas arolemodel,and shoulder theproblemsandhardships thatyour familyis facedwith.
The majority of people with Life Path number 6 never shy away from assuming responsibility,
not only their own but also others’. People consider you to be extremely reliable. Such a sense
of responsibility to your family tends to make family members’ burdens become your own. You
will never let anychild feelunloved.
Career
People with Life Path number 6 tend to be suitable for career paths that involve caretaking,
including nurse, doctor, kindergarten or primary school teacher, homemaking, guidance
counselor, family and marriage counselor, community service, social welfare and art advocate;
aswell as thosethatinvolve creativitysuchasinteriordesign,singer,actor,andsoon.
Everything you do is powered by your ability to help people become better versions of
themselves.Yourbiggestcareergoalis tocreatepositive changesin thelives ofyour clients.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 19Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
01. Life Path Number - 6
Strengths
You have a strong sense of
responsibility, a passion for the arts,
and a loving personality. You know
how to maintain balance and
sympathize with others. Humanistic
and benevolent, you cherish your
family, have a resilient faith in
people and are always willing to be
ofservice.
You have the natural ability to attract
not only people but also wealth. You
are extremely creative and need the
appropriate amount of spotlight to
showcase your talents.
You are drawn towards matters that
require fairness, and can always find
the appropriate solution to any
situation.
You constantly want to be of service,
andtobringlove andhugstoothers.
Social activist
You constantly want to be of service, and to bring love and hugs to others. Your elegance and
charms are highly appealing to people. In relationships, you are very loyal and devoted. You
take great care to be gentle to others, have excellent aesthetic tastes, and frequently enthuse
aboutyour interestswith passion.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 20Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
01. Life Path Number - 6
Weaknesses
The main negative aspects of
individuals with Life Path number 6
include assuming too much
responsibility and creating
unnecessary stress for themselves.
Family members or friends who are
not looking out for you may pile too
many problems onto your
shoulders. You might be
judgmental of others, but it is more
dangerous to criticize yourself,
which can lead to further emotional
troubles.
Never let people take advantage of
you. And you are not obligated to
save everyone; if people do not
wish to be saved, their decisions
should be respected. When things
go wrong, like they sometimes do,
and you are unable to do anything
about it, do not feel the need to
crucifyyourself.
Giving
If number 6’s energy presents itself in a negative way, you may become too involved in
people’s business and unduly concerned for others, especially your friends and family. You
may even become a perfectionist who is too demanding and domineering. Learn how to
trustandauthorizepeople in orderforthemtofulfilltheirroles.
In some cases, number 6’s intentionally neglect the responsibilities they are supposed to
takein life.This will makethemunable tobeloving and caringtothosearoundthem.
To number 6’s, the ability to motivate themselves and find environments that drive them
forward is of utmost importance. In such conditions, they will radiate a loving and warm
energy.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 21Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
01. Life Path Number - 6
Possessing number 6’s energy, you are someone who constantly wants to be of service, and to
bringlove andhugstoothers.You have theability tobeanexcellent parentandteacher.
• Loving and responsible • Warm and gentle
• Magnanimous and altruistic • Puts family first
• Excellent at looking out for and • Amiable and outgoing
taking care of others
• Great customer service skills
• Creative
• High sexual energy
• Highly artistic
• Loyal and devoted to family
• Mature
Learning how to care for and love others unconditionally
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 22Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
02. Balance Number - 2
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 2 always want to solve problems in a peaceful manner.
Facing conflicts, they will step back and sacrifice.
When presenting with different choices, they should utilize their sharp intuition to
choose the right one. Their gut feelings and the decisions they make intuitively are
usually the correct one.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 23Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
03. Destiny Number - 1
Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take
on when you come to this
world,and what you must doto
bebeneficialtoit.
Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find
satisfactionandhappiness, and
create incredible values for
societyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to transform people into leaders.
Your mission is to become a leader in whichever career path you are passionate about
and excel at. You love power and want to be the best at what you do. You have very
high expectations both for yourself and for others.
Your purpose is to lead and pioneer – people with Destiny Number 1 are always full of
life and are usually the center of attention. You are courageous, tend to act
independently according to your creative ideas, like innovation and have a strong sense
of responsibility. You communicate and act with clarity and compassion.
Destiny Number 1 will bring you life experiences that allow you to explore yourself and
eliminate self-doubts. You must stay determined and never let any obstacle or barrier
get in the way towards realizing your vision. You are able to keep work and play
separate. In order to reduce stress, you will need to follow an exercise regimen.
Destiny Number 1 indicates that, whether you are doubting yourself or do not have the
courage to use your powers, it is still your destiny to become a leader. You must
express your uniqueness and leadership talents in order to guide others. Destiny
Number 1 demands that you grow from a dependent person into a self-reliant one,
then develop individuality, become accomplished and finally be a pioneer.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 24Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 5
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to be creative and will find success by experimenting with different
choices and paths. You also need to learn how to express your personal views in a
flexible and open-minded manner. Being brave, daring and adventurous will help you
achieve many things.
You must experiment with different choices, learn how to adapt and be willing to change
when you are in new circumstances and environments.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 25Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
05. Soul Urge Number - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 6 are willing to sacrifice their own happiness if it means
they can make someone else happy. You care about people more than their own family
and friends do. People with Soul Urge Number 6 extend their love to everyone: friends,
family, and even strangers who are in distress.
As an old saying goes, it is always better to give than it is to receive. You live to help
others and bring them joy and relief. You are more concerned for the lives of others than
you are for your own. This is how much you love people. The greatest pleasure you can
get occurs when you are able to help people solve whatever problem they are having at
the moment.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 26Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
06. Birthday Number - 8
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number,
you will find out which environment
can enable you to fully harness your
wonderfulqualities.
According tothemajorityof Numerology documents, peoplewithBirthday Number 8tend tobe
skilled in business and financial management. However, their true potential is far greater than
just that. This is evidenced by the long list of celebrities who have this Birthday Number. Many
musiciansand actorswere born withBirthday Number8.
People with Birthday Number 8, no matter which month they were born in, are highly ambitious
and energetic, and have the potential to do great things. You are able to express your
intelligenceand emotions,thereby helpingyouachieveleadershipposition.
It’s hard work to maintain an amicable relationship with people who have Birthday Number 8.
Your life partner must understand and respect who you are as a person. You require absolute
freedom, as independence is one of the most important things to you. In romantic relationships,
you are willing to do anything for your significant other. Therefore, you should choose your life
partner very carefully.
People with Birthday Number 8 tend to have an intense personality. You can be deeply in love
with someone, but are often misunderstood because loving you is not easy. You sometimes
appearstoic despitebeing heavilyemotionalonthe inside,and dislikeexpressing yourfeelings.
You should direct all your focus on a specific goal and avoid being controlled by your emotions.
Once you have learned how to “go with the flow” and accept what happens to you instead of
resisting them, you will become happier and reach your goals more quickly. You are intelligent,
mentallyand spirituallystrong,artisticallytalented,and quite sentimental.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 27Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
07. Personality Number - 4
The personality number reveals what kind
of impression you make on others when
they first meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or characteristics
thatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are humble, conscientious, profound and a
little distant.
Individuals with Personality Number 4 want the information they receive to always be
clear, detailed and specific.
They sometimes project a distant and unreadable outward appearance, which leads
others to find you unapproachable when they first meet you.
People with Personality Number 4 will not accept dishonesty. If they realize they have
been lied to or given false information, they will most likely refuse to continue the
conversation.
It can be somewhat difficult for people with Personality Number 4 to quickly form a
relationship. They are quite cautious when it comes to social interactions. Despite
yearning for affection and connections at their core, they will still put on an indifferent
facade whenever they encounter someone for the first time.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 28Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 2
We always have certain views regarding ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge between your self-image and how others
perceiveyou.Thisnumbergivesyou advice on howtoadjustthewayyouareso that peopledo
notmisunderstand you.
You have the ability to influence people, but you must learn to be considerate of their
needs. The relationships that you have will improve if you understand the
expectations of the other person. You also need to learn how to be patient and gentle
when it comes to work. Sometimes, it’s not a good idea to push for things to happen
too quickly and intensely.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 29Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
09. Maturity Number - 7
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
during the most productive period
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
Number 7 is associated with the completion of intellectual and spiritual development.
This number indicates that you must further improve yourself through scientific and
philosophical research, as well as the use of your intuition. In this period, you must
continue sharing your knowledge with others and elevate their intellectual capabilities.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 30Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies
that we were not naturally gifted
withwhenwecametothisworld.
The absence of this number means a lack of self-control, positive energy and
leadership capabilities. Number 1 carries the lesson of becoming mature and improving
oneself.
People who have Karmic Lesson Number 1 should step out of their comfort zones and
take charge of their own lives. You need to learn how to generate positive energy for
yourself. You must also control your emotions and actions, and bring yourself into line.
This is because only when you have control of your shortcomings, will your life go the
way you want it to.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 31Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 32Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
11. Rational Thought Number - 7
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
way youact in stressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
You are a well-developed person who always thinks big. You often find yourself lost in
thought; what seemed to have started from just a tiny detail, usually leads you to a
completely different topic. You always try to be objective regardless of the information
you receive or where it comes from. You are very thorough and always gather
information from different sources, and you shape your opinion only after you've taken
all of it into consideration.
Whenever you are in a difficult situation, you try to put yourself in the other person’s
position to understand the factors influencing their decisions or actions. This is referred
to as the critical type of thinking.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 33Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 34Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 35Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2021)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 36Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2022)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 37Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 38Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 39Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2025)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 40Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 2/2023)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 41Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 3/2023)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 42Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 4/2023)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 43Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 0 - age 30)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 44Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 30 - age 39)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 45Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 39 - age 48)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 46Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 48 - age 57)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 47Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 48Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 49Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
17. Challenge Number - 5
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
Duringthis period,itwillbevery difficultforyou to sit still.Youwillfeelthe desire to
change everything all at once, make risky choices and get into short-lived
relationships. The Challenge Number 5 encourages you to treasure everything you
have,controlyourselfbetter andstop wastingtimeonfleetingandtrivialpleasures.
You will be able to successfully traverse this unstable period by finding a shoulder
to lean on or a haven where you feel safe, which will motivate you to maintain self-
control. You must be more determined, and try to find unique ways of expressing
yourself.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 50Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 51Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 52Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 53Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 54Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 55Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 56Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 57Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 58Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 59Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj – Former Senior Vice President and Head of
Strategy at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business
operationsin23countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
described exactly what I had been through. Having the Life Path
number1,Ialwayshadtheurgetobecomeagreatleader,andtohelp
otherleadersbecomebetteraswell.EverythingIhavebeenpursuingis
laidoutonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
mapis.Theinformationitprovides uswithisnotone-dimensional,but
WhatamazedmethemostisthatMapforSuccesswasindeedableto
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international
expansion. Andsure enough, thatwas whenI was working inover 50
countries.
Map for Success isa truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8
importanttotheirlives.”
Mrs.DangThuyHa-NorthernRegionDirectorofNielsenVietnam
“Map For Success has a lot of different numbers, each of which
representsacertainmeaning,butthemostinterestingandimportantthing
is the connection among numbers and first and last name, date of birth.
Therebytellingme:“WhereamI?Whatismyego?AmIontherighttrack?
WhatopportunitiesdoIneedtofocusoninthenearfuture?”
Forthismap,Ireallyhadtosay"I'monmyrighttrackwithmyMap
For Success". I am most interested in the destiny number, it shows that:
who you want to be, how much effort will you make to become that
person.” For me, the destiny number 1 represents the fierce desire to
become the best, the number one in my profession. It also shows its
responsibility to the community, helping others achieve success. This is
exactlywhatIdreamabout.
Map For Success is great because it can tell me whatmy milestones are,
where I am and what path I need to follow to reach my destination faster
and more successfully. This tool is suitable for both individuals and
organizations. For individuals, it helps us have a different vision, we will
standonotherpeople'sshoes,notfromourown.Fororganizations,itwill
be extremely suitable for leaders. Help leaders know how to motivate and
push the strengths of employees to be promoted, thereby work will be
moreproductive. Life Path Number: 3 –Destiny Number: 1
Map For Success is really a good tool to help you have a clear direction,
thereby perfecting yourself and becoming "who" in the shortest time in
workandlife.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 60Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 61Full name: Đinh Công Minh Date of birth: 26/10/1995
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email: info@gein.vn
Phone number: 0345 268 799
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 62