Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Trần Kiêm Hoàng ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
8 3 1
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
7 4 8
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
6 2 9
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
3
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
8 8 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,5,7,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
5,2,3,3
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number 8 represents the leadership spirit, administrative capabilities and a balance between the
spiritualandmaterialworlds.Yourchildcaresdeeplyaboutqualityoflife,lovesbeautyandalwaysaims
forhighstandards.Theyarereceptivetobusinessandmoney-makingopportunitiesfromayoungage.
They are independent, outspoken and unafraid to speak their mind. They take initiatives in making
decisions and assuming responsibility for what they are supposed to do. They particularly like making
their own choices in personal matters such as what to eat, wear or learn. Highly conscious about
ownership, they dislike it when others touch their personal belongings and are rarely influenced by
whatpeoplethink.
Your childisexcellentatcoordinating,guiding andmanagingpeople. Inafriendgroup,they tendto be
the coordinator who assigns tasks to the other members and urges them to do their jobs. They learn
quicklyandreplicatewell;theycanlearnhowtodosomethingjustbywatching.
36
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
STRENGTHS
Your child has great aesthetic tastes, knows how to enjoy themselves and prefers using fancy, high-
quality products. They become aware of the concept of values from a young age; they recognize that
good things in life must be exchanged with effort or intellect. Thanks to this awareness, they are very
perceptivetobusinessopportunitiesandusuallythinkaboutwhattheywillgainfromaninvestmentor
action.Theycancomeupwithmanybusinessideasandareveryeagertoturnthemintoreality.
Your child is self-reliant and has great leadership skills. Their positive energy, decisiveness and
administrative talents help them attract many of their friends into their circle. People put their trust
into your child’s intelligence, sense of responsibility and adaptability. They learn very quickly by
modeling after and copying other people, but tend to consider the overarching principles instead of
payingattentiontodetails.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
From a young age, your child has high standards for everything around them; if they do not like
something, they will be vocal about it and refuse to use it. If you overindulge them and satisfy their
every need, they can easily become demanding and selfish. More importantly, it will be difficult for
them to be successful if their life is too peaceful and comfortable. Number 8 is associated with
challenges and ups and downs, so the more difficulties they have to overcome, the more mature they
willbeandthebrighter theywillshine.
Yourchild’stendencytoalwayshavetheirbestinterestsinmindinwhatevertheydocanleadthemto
become materialistic and calculating. They can sometimes be hasty and overconfident, and only copy
behaviors on a surface level without giving it much thought and paying attention to details. They are
quitesensitivetoexternalfactorsandcanreactviolentlywhenthingsdonotgotheirway.
37
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
You should allow your child to be independent and make their own decisions in their personal affairs.
At the same time, you should also teach them about making sacrifices; they need to understand that
there will be many situations where they cannot have everything they want. Because they have great
aesthetic tastes, you can accompany them in taking care of their own appearance as well as those of
otherfamilymembers.Aniceappearancewillhelpthembemoreconfidentandhaveagreaterchance
tosucceed.
You can also enable them to take on leadership roles in school activities to develop their ability to
guide and coordinate others. If possible, you should also allow them to try doing business and
managing finances at a capacity suitable for their age, which will teach them how to earn and spend
moneysensibly.Moreover,youcanconsiderrewardingthemwithvaluablegiftswhentheyachieveset
goals,andencouragethemtosharetheirmaterialpossessionswiththoselessfortunate.
38
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Perceptive and has great business skills
• Has clear awareness of values
• Has potential in the areas of leadership, administration, management and resource utilization
• Excellent at replicating and copying
• Flexible, skillful and adaptable
• Has a strong personality, frank and outspoken
• Has high standards, hard to please
• Values appearance, loves beauty
LESSON
Life Path Number 8 indicates that your child must learn how to become an entrepreneur with
great ambitions, visions and willpower.
39
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 3
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child is charismatic and naturally gifted at communication. They have a laid-back and positive
outlook on most problems. However, in serious situations, they can lose self-confidence and become
unnecessarily anxious and stressed. You should encourage them to try simpler approaches in the way
they think and act instead of complicating the problem; the most humble solutions can sometimes be
incredibly effective. This also applies to the way your child communicates. They need to learn how to
express their views in a manner that is clear and straightforward enough for people to easily
understand. At the same time, they must listen to others with sincerity, and utilize their natural
charismatoconnectwiththemembersoftheirteamandbringthemtogether.
58
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 1
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomealeaderinthefieldthattheyareinterestedinandexcelat.Evenfrom
a young age, they like being authorized by their parents, and being the leader who guides a group
towardsachievingcommongoals.
Your child has a strong personality and firm opinions on every matter. Their strengths include being
decisive,proactiveanddaring.Theyalwaysapplythemselvesfullytoachievingsetgoalsandwillnotbe
demotivatedbydifficultiesorfailures.Theycanadjusttheirmindsetandperspectivetofindthewayto
overcometheobstacletheyarefacing.
Self-managementskillsandself-disciplinewillhelpyourchildbecomeanexceptionalleader.Nomatter
what they do, they must hone their ability to initiate and pioneer, as well as develop an open-minded
and progressive way of thinking. They need to maintain a burning desire for victory, an immovable
beliefinthemselvesandastrongsenseofresponsibilityineverythingtheyaretaskedwith.
As for weaknesses, your child is sometimes too focused on getting other people's attention and
recognition. They might be insensitive and indifferent, and ignore the opinions and feelings of those
around them. They can also become impulsive and stubborn, and refuse to ever change their mind.
Therefore,theyneedtolearnhowtonegotiateandmakecompromisesinmanysituations.
Destiny Number 1 will bring your child experiences that can help them discover themselves eliminate
self-doubts, and strengthen their willpower and determination. With enough focus and decisiveness,
yourchildwillshinebrightasabrilliantleaderinthefuture.
65
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 7
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in order to learn
theirlifelessonandfulfilltheirdestiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 7 indicates that your child needs to embark on a never-ending
journey of learning and personal development. The foundation of their future success is knowledge,
which will enable them to contribute and devote themselves to their organization and society. Only
whentheybecomeintellectual,knowledgeableandenlightenedwilltheybeapersonoftruevalue.
Yourchild’smissionistoimprovethemselves,expandtheirknowledgeandbecomeanexpertinacertain
field,theneducateotherswithwhattheyknow.Indoingso,theybecometeachersandadvisorswhoare
respectedforhowknowledgeabletheyare.
Additionally, your child must develop their ability to observe, analyze data and make conclusions in
everything they do, and discover life’s inner workings. These competencies will also help them develop
theirintuitionandgrowspiritually,whichwillbeofbenefittothemintheirdailylife.
Your child must also become a person of depth who can always get to the bottom of any problem, or
recognizetheprinciplesofanyexperience.
You shouldhelp them adopt the habit of constant learning and develop their observation and analytical
skills. Let them have first-hand experiences and learn the resulting lessons by themselves. Teach them
how to observe and learn from their experience be it success or failure. Harnessing the power of Life
Path–DestinyConnectionNumber7willbringthemsuccess.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 4
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 4 indicates that your child is sincere and reliable. They like stability, order and
concrete schedules. Decisive and self-disciplined, they follow directions well, have a methodical and
logical approach when it comes to work, and are not afraid to dedicate a great amount of time and
effort to complete their tasks. As a result, they are able to succeed in anything they do. Loyal and
honest,theywillalsobeareliablememberofyourfamily.
However, they often struggle with adapting to changes and therefore tend to stick to what they
already know. Because they value security and certainty too highly, only when they feel completely
safe will they be truly confident. They can also be quite stubborn and argumentative. You should
provide them guidance on how to express their emotions, and avoid adopting a rigid and narrow-
mindedattitudeandmindset.
89
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 8
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
BirthdayNumber8indicatesthatyourchildisdynamic,strongandenergetic.However,theymightnot
exhibit these qualities until their teenage years when they begin to express the drive to generate
moneyandwealth.Suchmaterialisticdesirescanmotivatethemtoworklonghoursregularlyevenasa
child. The results they achieve are never by chance, but stem from a combination of hard work,
concertedeffortandgoodjudgment.
Number 8 represents an attraction towards power, authority and large-scale business operations,
which means that your child is capable of actively running their own business even from a young age.
They will also be drawn towards large corporations and organizations, and constantly want to be
authorized and recognized in whatever they do. If they are able to learn how to use money and
personal power sensibly, and be smart in every aspect of life, they will achieve respect, success and
greatfinancialgainsinthefuture.
However, you should be careful not to let your child become an authoritarian and overzealous person
whoissolelyinterestedinfinancialandmaterialgains.Youshouldalsocontrolyourowntendencytobe
violentandemotionallyvolatile,becausechildrenwithBirthdayNumber8tendtobeheavilyinfluenced
by the environment they grow up in. Moreover, you should teach them the value of balancing every
aspectoftheirlife,aswellastheimportanceofmaintainingahealthymentalityandbody.Additionally,
they need to learn how to recognize and learn from their mistakes to avoid repeating them in the
future.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 6
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are warm, friendly and gentle. They are observant and
sensitive enough, both intellectually and emotionally, to accurately sense the conditions of those around
them. If they can see that their parents or friends are displaying distressed facial expressions, they will
approach and check on them, or do anything they deem necessary to be sympathetic and caring towards
them.Inanegativeenvironment,theywillfindithardtobecheerfulbecauseofhoweasyitisforthemto
beaffectedbyothersemotionally.
The warmth your child radiates always helps other people feel at ease. Therefore, they tend to have a lot
offriendsandareverywell-liked.
You,your child’s teachers and other people around them have nothing to worry about when they are the
one responsible for a task because of their strong sense of responsibility. They will try their best to
completethetaskinordertoavoidmakingothersworriedforthem.
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 2
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should take the initiative in connecting with other people and
forming relationships withthem.Inorderto do so,theymustfirstlearnhow topayattentionto others’
needs. They will have great relationships if they can understand what people want. In every problem
and situation, they should hone their ability to listen to and empathize with others. Their sincerity and
gentleness are what people notice about them. To avoid unnecessary misunderstandings, they should
applythistotheirprofessionalandpersonalrelationships,whichwillhelpthemformbetterconnections
withthosearoundthem.
12
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 9
TheMaturity Numberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber9indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldchoosea
career path in the field of education where they can enlighten others. They
should focus on finding ways to help many people and seeking opportunities
that will enable them to deliver noble values to the community. When they
have understood which values are meaningful to society, they can become
someonewhobringsinspirationandpositiveenergytoothers.
They should also have the necessary resources in place so that they are ready
toseizeeveryopportunity tostudy,workorfrompartnerships abroad.
27
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 3
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 3 indicates that your child might struggle with expressing themselves and
communicating their feelings. This can lead to one of two scenarios: they become shy and reserved
towards comments or attention, or they adopt an uncontrollably competitive and aggressive attitude.
Inability to express themselves in a healthy way will lead to mood swings and make them prone to
losingtheirtemperandlashingout.
You should encourage your child to engage in activities that involve creativity such as performing at
school, journaling or creating content in order to release their inner feelings, and to discover the
talentsthattheymightbeabletopursue,whetherprofessionallyorjustasahobby.
33
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 8
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
RationalThoughtNumber8indicatesthatwhenapproachingaproblem,yourchildhasa“bigger
picture” way of thinking that does not involve paying too much attention to details or being
fixated on the outcome. This type of thinking tries to solve problems through real-life
experiences either bythemselves orobservedandlearnedfromothers.Thisdataisthenquickly
scannedwithimagesthatcloselyresemblethesituationathand,whichallowsthemtocomeup
with the most viable options. Therefore, do not be surprised when you see them make decisive
andpracticaldecisions.
47
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 8
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
HavingSubconsciousSelfNumber8willhelpyourchildmaintainarealisticviewpointofthesituationsthey
encounter in life. From a practical perspective, they will be able to identify their goal for each situation,
aimforviableresultsandconstantlythinkaboutthegoaltomakeitareality.
Inorder to helpyourchildharnessthe powerofthisnumber,youshouldaccompanyandsupportthem in
establishing goals for their academic career and personal life. These goals need to have specific results,
whichallows themto envisionwhatit will be like to achieve them. This vision will helpthem be confident
anddeterminedenoughtoachievetheirgoals.
58
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 6
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 6, your child will be influenced by the energy of being caring and loving.
They should focus on learning how to be attentive to and taking care of others, and be ready to assist
anyone that needs their help. As they may struggle with adjusting or being responsible towards others’
needs, you should stay close and support them every step of the way. For instance, this is a good time for
youandyourchildto takecareoflovedones,or do houseworktogethertoconnectwithandbecaring and
lovingtowardseachother,whichwillbeextremelyhelpfultothemduringPersonalMonthNumber6.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 7
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
PersonalMonthNumber7isthetimeforyourchildtofocusonthingsthattheyareinterestedinorwant
to explore. During this period, being able to do so will help them be calm, happy, and regain balance,
which allows them to come up with new ideas that canimprove their life. Being independent and doing
things on their own might be a challenge for them, but life will inevitably demand these qualities from
them, so you should help your child develop them during Personal Month Number 7. Moreover, you
shouldspendthistimeaccompanyingthemintakingalookattheplanstheyhavefortheirstudyortheir
lifeinordertoseeifthereisanythingtheyneedtoadjustorrestructure.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 8
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child will feel energized. This is the time for them to wrap up the projects they
have started and focus on reaching the finish lines. Even the smallest effort will still be able to bring
concreteresults,soyoushouldmakesurethattheysetappropriateprioritiesfortheirpersonallife.
If there is anything your child has long wantedto do but never hadthe courage,time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, they can only achieve results with enough inspiration and
motivation. Therefore, you need to support them in their efforts to reach their goals. Additionally, you
shouldgivethemenoughtimetorestandrelaxaftertheyhaveworkedorstudiedhard.
85
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 0 - age 28)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 28 - age 37)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 37 - age 46)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 9
(age 46 - age 55)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
YourchildisextremelyfortunatetohavethePinnacleNumber9intheirlifejourney,becausethisnumber
representstheconvergenceoftheothernumbers’mostwonderfulqualities:fame,wealthandhumanistic
values.
This is also a period when they will have the ability to expand their business abroad and establish great
international friendships. To be able to seize these opportunities, they must focus on learning new
languagesanddeveloping internationalcommunicationanddiplomaticskills.
Becomingaguide who delivers humanisticvaluesto the world will be awonderful missionthatyour child
needstofulfillduringaPinnacleNumber9.Theyshouldalsoactivelyengageinphilanthropic workorjoin
communities that create noble values. Encourage them to have a strong sense of responsibility and take
onleadershiprolesintheseactivitiesbecausetheywillcertainlyexcelintheirrole.
This is also the time for your child to figure out what actually makes them happy and then focus on it. If
they find satisfaction in creative self-expression, or wish to focus on their family or relationships, they
shouldinvestmoretimeinto theseareas.Thisisaveryspecialperiod,andiftheymanagetosetpriorities
appropriately, theywillbeabletorememberitwithabsolutefondnessinthefuture.
95
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 5
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is associated with issues that are related to flexibility, adaptability and
breakthroughs. Your child will needto make back-to-back changes, make risky choices,and break outof
theircomfortzonetoseizethenewopportunities thatcomeintotheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is also a reminder that your child must learn to appreciate what they have, have
better self-control and avoid wasting so much time on fleeting pleasures or emotions that they neglect
theirgoals.
At work, your child needs to be more determined and find unique ways to express themselves. They
should freshen themselves up, change the way they work or manage, and be more flexible and creative
whenitcomestoimplementation.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Trần Kiêm Hoàng
08/03/2022
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41