Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
2Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
3Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
4Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Nguyễn Anh Khang ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
5Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
6Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
9 8 6
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
3 1 5
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
5 4 6
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
4,6,9
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
7Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
1 6 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
8,9,1,2,3 3,4,5 3,2,5,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
2,1,1,1
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
8Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Regarded as the convergence of the numbers’ finest qualities, Number 9 carries the energy of
compassion, generosity and integrity. From the moment they were born, your child has been blessed
with great fortune and a relatively peaceful and smooth-sailing life. They are well-behaved,
magnanimous, altruistic and have no problem sharing what they have with others. They easily
empathize withthose less fortunate andalways wantto helpthem. They tendto be well-likedby their
friendsandthosearoundthemthankstotheirkindandlovablenature.
Your child is also intelligent, flexible and skillful. They have excellent observation, adaptability and
implementation skills. They can deftly navigate social interactions, and particularly like taking part in
community and philanthropic activities. They have a broad perspective and are able to lead others
spiritually,whichearnsthemthetrustandrespectofthosearoundthem.
40
9Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
STRENGTHS
Your child is naturally charming thanks to their benevolence and integrity. They treat others with
magnanimity, fairness and compassion. “Friendly” and “trustworthy” are written on their face, which
makes them well-liked and trusted wherever they go. They tend to take initiatives in assuming
leadership roles ingroup,community or philanthropic activities,where they canmake full use of their
broadperspectiveandabilitytoguideanddeveloppeople.
Your child’s observation skills, intelligence and quick-wittedness enable them to learn anything very
quickly.Theirdiplomaticskillsalsogivethemtheabilitytobringpeopletogether.Theyexcelatsensing
people’sattitudesandhaveunique spiritualtalents.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Yourchildisquitesensitiveandeasilybecomesfixatedonpainfulmemories,whichmakesthemprone
to being insecure, fragile and reserved. Occasionally, they are willing to be hurt or put at a
disadvantageinordertopleaseotherpeople.
Your child can be so occupied with the outside world that they overlook what is right beside them.
They can also be so focused on socializing and being of service to the community that they pay little
attention to improving and nurturing domestic relationships. Similarly, they might be so fixated on
grandidealsthattheyneglectimprovingthemselvesanddevelopingthecompetenciestheyarelacking
at. Being multi-talented and flexible means that despite being good at many things, they do not truly
excelatany.
41
10Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldenable your childto participate incommunity and philanthropic activities thatcan nurture
their kindness and help them learn how to be sympathetic and bring joy to others. You should also
encouragethemtotakeonleadershiprolesinsuchactivitiesinorderforthemtodeveloptheabilityto
guide,coordinateandinspirepeople.
Your child has great potential in the fields of education and human development, so you should help
them build upon this by encouraging them to share their knowledge with their friends or younger
siblings.Moreimportantly,youcanhelpthemdiscoveranareaofexpertisethattheyareinterestedin
and study it extensively in order to become an expert. You should also remind them that only when
they have achieved self-actualization and become the best version of themselves will they be able to
helpotherseffectively.
At home, you should cultivate a healthy, peaceful domestic environment by refraining from criticizing
or reprimanding your child, which can make them feel hurt and lose self-confidence. You can also
encourage them to participate infamily affairs to helpthem understand thatfamily is asource of love
andwillgivethemstrength.
42
11Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Able to train, educate and transform people
• Multi-talented, skillful, learns quickly
• Able to lead others spiritually
• Has strong intuition and spiritual talents
• Magnanimous, compassionate, gentle
• Able to attract people with their noble humanistic ideals
• Sensitive, easily fixated on the past
LESSON
Life Path Number 9 indicates that your child must learn how to lead others spiritually with
exceptional compassion and empathy.
43
12Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 8
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has a very creative way of thinking and can have a strong influence on other people’s
opinions. They readily assume responsibility andalways want to solve problems as quickly as possible.
To them, the end justifies the means so they sometimes have the tendency to disregard the rules or
other people’s feelings. Therefore, you should teach them to approach the issue in a more systematic
and organized manner. They will also need to be more outspoken, sincere and patient, and learn to
consultotherpeople’sopinionsbeforemakingdecisionsthatwillimpacttheentiregroup.
63
13Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 6
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild's destinyistobecomeasupporterandprotector.Humble,generousandkind-hearted,they
donothesitatetohelpthosewhoareexperiencinghardshipsortroubles.Theycanalsoseewhatother
people think or feel very clearly thanks to their strong intuition and sensitive perception. Therefore,
they are agreatfitfor career paths thatinvolve nurturing, beingof service to or takingcare of others.
Onsuchajourney,theyneedtolearnhowtotakeresponsibilityfortheirdecisionsandtoreadilystand
upforfairnessandjustice.
Yourchildtreatsotherswithhonesty,integrityandfairness.Theylikethingsthatarepeaceful,familiar
and stable. Their relatively good communication skills, combined with their kind-hearted and
enthusiastic nature, allows them to always be ready to share with or teach others what they have
learned.
Occasionally, they can worry too much and try to interfere with other people’s lives. They must learn
how to maintain balance, focus on themselves more, and trust other people to take care of
themselves. They shouldalso learnhowto restand relax properly inorder to avoid beingtoo stressed
outandsensitive.
70
14Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 3
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 3 indicates that your child needs to develop
their communication skills and become more confident in themselves in order to
improvetheirimageintheeyesofothers.Theyalsoneedtocontroltheiremotionsand
letpeople knowwhatthey think insteadof keeping itinside. Only by doingso canthey
maintaina positive,cheerful and optimistic attitude no matter what problems they are
facingintheirlife.
You should pay attention to your child everyday to understand their feelings, teach
themhowtocommunicateeffectively,andenablethemtoexpressthemselvesmoreso
thattheycandevelopself-confidence.
80
15Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 1
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 1 indicates that your child is courageous, capable of becoming a leader, and
naturally excellent at initiating projects and making demands. They yearn to prove themselves and be
recognized by others and therefore always want others to ask for their opinions and to feel that they
are important to them. With an honest and fair personality, they will be a loyal friend in personal
relationships,andanexcellentpartnerwhenitcomestostudyorwork.
Your child tends to do everything in their own unique way, and always wants to organize and arrange
their personal belongings to their liking. Despite being able to come up with innovative ideas and
creative solutions to problems, they can sometimes be stubborn and arrogant, and do everything in a
hasty and impatient manner. They can also be hesitant and anxious when they must do something on
theirown.Youshouldbeconstructiveinthewayyoucommunicatetothem,andavoidcriticizingthem
infrontofotherpeople.
86
16Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 5
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 5 indicates that your child is flexible and adaptable, and can always come up with
innovative ideas. Quick-witted and intelligent, they can make friends and become close to them very
easily. Moreover, they are full of positive energy, learn quickly and use their imagination very
effectively. Therefore, you should incorporate play into the way they learn and use pictures to teach
themsothattheydonotbecomebored.
Possessing superior speed, agility, cooperative skills and flexibility, your child loves adventures and
action, and has the potential to become astar in nearly any type of sports. Their natural charisma also
makes them a gifted salesman. However, your child’s need for freedom and drive to discover and
experience new things will lead them to spend a lot of time away from home, which is something you
mightbeconcernedabout.
HavingBirthdayNumber5,yourchildisveryresourceful,cancompletetasksextremelyquickly,andwill
neverredosomethinginthesamewayastheyoncedid.However,thisalsomeansthattheymightlack
patience, always pick the quickest route and dislike rigid schedules. Their biggest challenge is the
tendency to adopt unhealthy habits such as alcohols, gambling, sex and drugs. Therefore, you need to
teach them healthy habits even when they are still young, and help them learn how to resist the
temptationtoexperiencefrivolouspleasuresandtocontroltheneedtoseekthrillingsensations.
102
17Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 5
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
Personality Number 5 indicates that your child constantly radiates a type of energy that attracts others
from the first encounter. Outgoing, cheerful and charming, they always leave a strong impression on
peopleandstandoutamongacrowd.
Eventhoughtheydonotmeantodoso,yourchildusuallybecomesthecenterofattentionthankstotheir
intelligence, quick-wittedness, flexibility and “cool” demeanor. This energy makes it easy for them to
establish rapport with others, draws everyone to them, and helps them leave a lasting impression on
others. This will be very beneficial to them in the future when they need to socialize and establish
relationships.Itsetsthemapartfromthecrowd,whichgivesthemmoreopportunitiesthanothers.
Additionally, your child always wants to showcase their positive qualities, such as strength, cheerfulness
andoptimism.Therefore,peoplerarelyseetheminaprolongedstateofdistressorsadness.
5
18Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 4
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should be more sincere as this will help them gain the trust of
others. If any misunderstanding arises, they need to clarify it and present proof to convince others.
Calmness and certainty will help them gain trust in cooperative relationships. They need to start
developing self-discipline from the smallest things like being punctual or keeping promises. Success will
notcomeiftheydonotworkhardorlackmethodologyanddiscipline.
14
19Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 6
TheMaturityNumberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber6indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldchoosea
paththatenablesthemtotakecareofandbeattentivetoothers,asnumber 6
is associated with being responsible to one’s family, developing one’s capacity
tolove,andlearninghowtobeofservicetothecommunity.
Your child should be loving and generous to others both in their personal life
andintheircareer.Theyshouldalsospreadlovetothoselessfortunate,which
theycanachievethrough philanthropic work.
24
20Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 4
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 4 indicates that your child might be lazy and refuse to do things that they
deem boring and tedious. You should avoid being lenient, explain to them the value of completing
tasksandteachthemgoodhabitssuchasputtingtheirtoysawayafterplayingwiththem,makingtheir
bed after waking up or put things where they are supposed to be through the use of timetables and
alarms.
Your child will also need guidance on how to organize their personal affairs, make plans in their daily
life, analyze and evaluate processes, and adapt to changes, so that they can harness their positive
qualitiesinanyenvironment.
34
21Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 6
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 6 indicates that your child might lack a sense of responsibility towards
themselves and others, yet still expect people to be responsible for them. Their aversion to being
constrained by other people’s needs and demands may lead to conflicts between them and other
familymembers.Therefore,youneedtoteachthemhowtobecaringandaffectionatetotheirfamily.
Inordertoactivateyourchild’sinnateabilitytotakecareofothers,youcanhavethempracticetaking
care of their personal belongings or pets. Additionally, you can allow them to participate in
philanthropic activitiestodevelopselflessness,generosityandcompassionwithinthem.
36
22Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 9
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Theabsenceofnumber9indicatesthatyourchildmightlacksympathyandconcernforhumanity.You
can show them images of people who are less fortunate or of humanitarian work in order to activate
theircompassionandaltruism.Youcanalsoorientthemtowardsdevelopingtheireducationalabilities
by teaching their friends what they have learned or helping their younger siblings with homework.
However,youshouldalsoexplaintothemwhentheyshouldhelpandwhentheyshouldnot.
Additionally,youshouldteachthemthevalueofdoingthingsforpeoplewithoutexpectinganythingin
return,howtoavoidbeingtoodemanding ofthemselvesandothers,andhowtoforgiveandforget.
39
23Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 1
TheRationalThoughtNumberreflectsthedirectioninwhichyourchildthinksandmakesdecisionsfroma
young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain operates and
does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks about a given
problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and demonstrates the solutions
andopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 1 indicates that the way your child thinks when approaching a
certainproblem or making adecisionis oftenvery fastand practical. Whenthe goal has been
determined,theywillmaketheirdecisionquicklyanddefinitively.Thedecisionstheymakeare
basedonthedesiredresultsfirst,andhowtoachievethemsecond.
Thewayyourchildthinksisbasedonsoundreasoningandastrongbeliefinthemselves.They
willbeabletomakedecisionswithoutrelyingontheiremotionsorintuition.Theadvantageof
this type of thinking is that it approaches problems from the angle of practical solutions and
ideaswithoutbeinginfluencedbyemotions.Thishelpsyourchildmakeindependentdecisions
thatwillproducebestresults.
40
24Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 6
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious Self Number 6 indicates that your child always turns their attention to their family, which is
the originof all of their joysandsorrows. Their decisions alwaysinvolve family;their instinctandintuition
areparticularlysensitivewhenitcomestofamily.
This number will become even stronger if you can create an environment where family members are
alwaysloving,intimateandconnectedtowardsoneanother,whichwillserveasasourceofmotivationfor
your child; they will constantly strive to achieve goals for the sake of their loved ones. However, to avoid
making them feel pressured, you should also encourage them to pursue their own goals and take care of
themselves while feeling confident in the fact that family will always be a solid support system, a safe
havenwheretheycanfeelsafe,andalaunchingpadforalloftheirdreams.
56
25Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
26Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8
(year of 2021)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
27Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9
(year of 2022)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
28Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
29Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
30Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
31Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
(month of 2/2023)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
32Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4
(month of 3/2023)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
33Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5
(month of 4/2023)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
34Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 3
(age 0 - age 27)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for your child during this period, as whether they
are successful or not all depends on their communication skills. Should they be able to match the energy
ofnumber3,theywill“speakoutmoney.”Thisisalsothelessontheymustlearnduringthistime,whichis
tofocusonimprovingtheirlinguisticabilities.Tothisend,they mustcommunicatemoreandtakecourses
on subjects like presentation or public speaking so that they can use language in a more flexible and
precise way. This is because their communication skills and energy will make many people want to work
withthem.
In order to constantly maintain an optimal level of energy, your child will need to spend more time
exercising, listening to music, taking lessons on how to motivate themselves, etc. They should also
participate in many community activities or need to appear in public because their positive energy and
communicationskillswillhelpthemattractothersandleaveagreatimpressiononthem.
During this time, your child will really want to delve into the things they like or yearn to express
themselves.Theirtalentswillbringthemfinancialgains,fame,or publicappreciation.If PinnacleNumber
3 occurs when they are still young, you should help them adopt a positive and creative mindset and
develop their linguistic skills in order to seize opportunities as they appear. Even before a Pinnacle
Number 3 arrives, nurturing and utilizing these skills regularly will still provide them with the potential to
succeed.
89
35Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 27 - age 36)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
36Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 36 - age 45)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
37Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 45 - age 54)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
38Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
39Nguyễn Anh Khang
23/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
40