Pham Ngoc Long
29/12/1959Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Pham Ngoc Long,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19591229WP3C7D
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
01 02 03
2 6 8
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
6 4 2
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
4 0 1
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
5 7 7
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,8,4,9
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
1,4,3,3
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
01. Life Path Number - 2
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 2’s were born to connect, mediate, and reconcile even the most extreme of conflicts.
You arepatient,agoodlistener andlive inservice ofothers.
Highly adept at assisting others, you have the potential to be a perfect spouse, friend, or
employee. Individuals with Life Path number 2 always seek balance in everything around them.
Life Path number 2 represents an entry by individuals with exceptional spirituality in their
personality into thisplane ofexistence, which canlead themtobecomegreatpeacemakers.
You are also a romantic person who likes to daydream and was born seemingly to love and be
loved. You are remarkably loving, magnanimous and compassionate. It is easy for you to set
your egoaside tobein harmonywith thosearoundyou.
Ability to connect Romance
Energy of Number 2
Number 2 is the second number in the binary numeral system, and is the number of service,
peace, balance and connection. It is the first number that can be divided, and therefore
supportingfundamentaldivision. Itis thenumberofassistantsandsupporters.
Characteristics
You are an excellent listener who has the ability to easily sympathize with and understand
others. You know how to make people feel comfortable. You can negotiate with different parties
and utilize your diplomatic capabilities to achieve consensus, as well as resolve problems by
persuasion instead of coercion. With your help, a compromise that satisfies all parties without
causing muchdisagreementwill bequicklyreached.
19Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
01. Life Path Number - 2
Number 2’s are usually cautious when making decisions, and feel the need to seek advice and
assistancefrom others. Because of this, people tend torespect their opinions and consider them
tohave goodjudgment.You help everyone in theteamseeeachother'spoint ofview.
You possess a broader perspective and are more purpose-oriented than most people. These
traits can be captivating to others andgreatly beneficial to society. You enjoy immersing yourself
in mystical enigmas and exploring hidden corners of the world. Individuals who carry number 2’s
positive energy have a very fair and balanced personality, as they are able to consider every
aspect of an argument. An excellent mediator, you often help others achieve consensus. Your
thinking and emotions exhibit honesty and open-mindedness, and you tend to see the bright
sides intheworld aroundyou.
Another notabletrait of numbers 2 is their strong intuition. You are ableto instantly sense others’
feelingsandformaccurateopinions onthoseyou meetfromtheveryfirstencounters.
Peacemaker The scale of justice
Career
Number 2’s rarely harbor ambitions to become leaders, and instead are more suited for
cooperating with others. You are a great fit for occupations that allow for stability where you are
not required to meet strict deadlines. Your ideal working environment should not be too stressful
andcompetitive;otherwise,you will be putunderimmensepressure.
Counselor, teacher and healer are career paths that can help you achieve success and
satisfaction. Possessing a sensitive affinity for the arts, you can also excel in the fields of music,
architecture, advertising, diplomacy, law, negotiation, fashion, or other career paths that involve
attentiontodetails.
20Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
01. Life Path Number - 2
Strengths
You are an adaptable and caring person who enjoys helping others, is sensitive to people’s
problems and has a great collaborative spirit. You have the ability to make fair judgements and
assessments, and are modest and outspoken. You are also strongly influenced by spiritual
tendenciesandpossessexcellent diplomatic skills.
Number 2 also indicates great artistic sensibility and an affinity for the arts. Individuals with Life
Path number 2 are able to elegantly navigate relationships. You can be described as an expert
in connecting and communicating with people. You rarely project your own views on others, and
thereforeusually createacomfortableand amiableatmosphereforthosearoundyou.
Listening Sensibility
Weaknesses
Number 2’s must keep tabs of their negative emotions. Sometimes, you can be a little too
cautious and wary of new things. Indeed, number 2’s are averse to any kind of losses, pains,
anxieties andfears. Even when number 2’sfeelings arehurt,they will suffer in silence andrarely
communicate. You should not bottle up your feelings for extended periods of time, which can
causeillnesses suchasdepressionormentaldisorders.
21Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
01. Life Path Number - 2
Wordsof advice
The path of personal development recommended for number 2’s is to focus on the strong
intuition they were born with. This will help you develop self-confidence and the ability to
surround yourself with suitable companions. Number 2’s must also learn how to control their
emotions and sharpen their minds. This will help you gain more trust in yourself and direct you
towardshappiness inthefuture.
Rest and relaxation are vital to number 2’s ability to maintain balance and recharge energy. You
should setasidetimewithin your daily schedulestoexercise, practicebreathingandmeditate.
Possessing number 2’s positive energy, you truly are a blessing to this world as a
compassionate and gracious soul. You are an excellent listener who can sympathize with and
understandotherseffortlessly.
• Able to sympathize and listen • Sensitive to others’ feelings
• Able to sense people’s feelings • Able to understand and empathize with
others
• Able to connect and mediate
• Forgiving and tolerant
• Loving spirit
• Great communication skills
• Gentle, amiable, and peace-loving
• Romantic and sensible
• Highly intuitive
• Having no desire for fame
• Having no difficulty attracting wealth
Learning how to connect and empathize with others.
22Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
02. Balance Number - 6
The Balance Number indicates how
someone faces the difficulties and
challengesthatcometheirway inlife
People with Balance Number 6 prefer to handle things in a gentle and compassionate
manner, and therefore are susceptible to when it comes to pressure.
People with Balance Number 6 must learn how to stay alert, especially in situations
where their emotions are affected. Afterwards, you should seek advice from those who
have had the same experience, which will provide you with emotional support and
strength.
23Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
03. Destiny Number - 8
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must
take on when you come to
this world, and what you
mustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill
this destiny, you will find
satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values
for society and your
community.
Your destiny is to design business models.
You were born with entrepreneurial capabilities and fortune always smiles upon you in
business dealings. People with Destiny Number 8 frequently come across business
opportunities, and have the ability to envision new business models. Your role is to
constantly create business “playgrounds” that allow others to join you in the fun,
because it is your mission to help people attain financial prosperity.
You must learn how to give generously to others. Do not keep business systems a
secret for too long and instead share them with others. You will realize that you did not
come to this world only to generate wealth and fame for yourself, but also have the
responsibility to contribute to society. Fulfilling this mission will reward you everything
you need.
You are destined to learn how to be confident and charismatic without being corrupted
by power and money and becoming a ruthless person.
You have an incredible potential to transform people’s lives. You are an excellent leader
and a source of energy that is capable of generating wealth. Having a brusque,
straightforward and dogmatic personality makes it easy for you to be misunderstood.
You will be living by your destiny once you become wealthy and are able to give
generously to others. Be careful; do not let the pursuit of material wealth undermine
your ability to develop healthy relationships. Don’t be stubborn and do listen to others’
advice; they will help you build your empire.
If you are struggling with financial matters, you should regroup, practice healing and
search for your true self by acting in accordance with personal boundaries. Number 8’s
energy is not associated with an easy path. It demands that you dig deeper into your
power and overcome countless obstacles. Having Destiny Number 8 means you must
rise above any difficulties
24Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
04. Life Path – Destiny
Connection Number - 6
This number tells you what you must
do to learn your life lesson and fulfill
yourdestiny.
People with Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 are creative innovators. You need
to constantly bring inspiration and a warm energy to others. If you excel at something,
build on and enjoy this ability, as you have the ability to make everything better. For you,
the key to success is to make constant improvements and become more open.
The Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 represents an artistic combination. There
is an artist inside you; do not suppress this potential. People with this number commonly
make the mistake of concealing their talents and take them for granted instead of
nurturing them. Not only can artistic talents bring you both financial success and spiritual
satisfaction, they can also become a source of motivation and inspiration for others.
25Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
05. Soul Urge Number - 4
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind what you do and how you do it. It can explain
the root cause of the decisions you make and the way you react to everything and everyone
aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfactionyou have,aswellasgiveyou thedirectiontowardssuccess.
These desires can sometimes be so
concealed within our subconscious that we
have no awareness of them. Every action
and choice we make in life are influenced
by these desires , whether we realize it or
not. The Soul urge Number ’s significance
lies in the fact that it represents the above-
mentioned desires. To calculate your Soul
Urge Number, pick out the vowels in your
name and use the Numerology chart.
This is such an important number because
it helps you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfaction you have, as well as give you
the direction towards success.
People with Soul Urge Number 4 are usually guided through their lives by a set of rules
and regulations that they have established for themselves. You are very afraid of straying
away from the set path and disrupting the balance of your life.
You value security and order very highly. You want everything to happen according to
plan and always want to be prepared.
26Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
06. Birthday Number - 2
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural talents are, and what gifts the Universe has
blessedyourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want others to perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find out which environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
The Birthday Number 2 represents tenderness
and romanticism. People with this birthday
number have the ability to bring people
together. They are empathetic and know how to
listen. Your power comes from your soul, and
you tend to seek contentment that is spiritual
rather than physical in nature in every aspect of
life.
You like to daydream and spend time in your
imaginary world, which can sometimes be too
far removedfromreality.
At their core, people withBirthday Number 2are
soft-hearted and forgive easily. You also dislike
usingforce or power tosucceedinlife.
You tend to look for spiritual compatibility in a life partner. To you, love originates from the soul,
so a relationship will not progress to a physical level when there is no connection from soul to
soul. Therefore, how passionate you are in a relationship mainly depends on how you feel. To
you,physicalpleasure alwaysranksbelowspiritualharmony.
People with Birthday Number 2 are dreamers. Intellectual and imaginative, you sometimes have
an unrealistic way of thinking. Despite having great potential to be creative and invent new things,
people withthisBirthday Numbermustlearnhowtoturntheir thoughtsand plansintoactions.
You need to learn how to be in control of both your mind and your body in order to become
stronger. Doing so will help you move forward and take action. Once you are committed to your
goal,nodifficultycanstand inyour wayonthe journeytowardsrealizingyour dreams.
Possessing great mental capacity, you must strive to develop your logical thinking skills.
Additionally, people with Birthday Number 2 always want to find the answers to all of their
questions and get to the bottom of everything. Should you be able to accomplish this, you will
truly be unstoppable.
27Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
07. Personality Number - 4
The personality number reveals what kind
of impression you make on others when
they first meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or characteristics
thatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are humble, conscientious, profound and a
little distant.
Individuals with Personality Number 4 want the information they receive to always be
clear, detailed and specific.
They sometimes project a distant and unreadable outward appearance, which leads
others to find you unapproachable when they first meet you.
People with Personality Number 4 will not accept dishonesty. If they realize they have
been lied to or given false information, they will most likely refuse to continue the
conversation.
It can be somewhat difficult for people with Personality Number 4 to quickly form a
relationship. They are quite cautious when it comes to social interactions. Despite
yearning for affection and connections at their core, they will still put on an indifferent
facade whenever they encounter someone for the first time.
28Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 0
We always have certain views regarding ourselves
and those around us. The Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number serves as a bridge between
your self-image and how others perceive you. This
number gives you advice on how to adjust the way
youaresothatpeopledonotmisunderstand you.
You are constantly full of energy and passion for
the things you do. You are held in high regard
by others for the advice and help that you can
give.
You tend to be considered a role model for
others because of how kind and respectable
you are. Even though some people are envious
of you, they cannot help but respect you
because everything you have was achieved
through hard work and honesty.
You are a simple and sincere person. Do not
overload yourself with responsibilities. Your
efficiency will vastly improve if you stay focused
on one specific thing.
29Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
09. Maturity Number - 1
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
duringthemostproductiveperiod
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
In this period, you must stand on your own two feet against the hardships that will
come your way. But do not fret; once you have overcome them, you will reach a new
height in your life where many triumphs await you.
You must take care of yourself and strive to assert your abilities in order to gain a
certain degree of reputation. You don’t need to prove anything to anyone; now, you are
the one assessing and analyzing others. Enthusiastic and energetic, you readily take on
leadership roles because you know how to manage and lead people. You work hard,
achieve great results and take responsibility for everything you do.
You are not as obstinate as you have previously been, and feel that you need to be
more open to new sources and new information. This is a period to find time for a
hobby that helps you relax. Try not to expect too much from others, and before striking
up a conflict, always imagine what it means to be in the other person's shoes.
30Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
32Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
11. Rational Thought Number - 5
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think
and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this
number does not tell you
anything about your life path
or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number
reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It
indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come
up with, and the types of
opportunities that will come
toyou.
You are a very intelligent person who doesn't want to settle with being ordinary. Your
thoughts are oriented in a way that makes everything a little bit special because you
need to make a statement, no matter how big or small, in everything you do. When you
face a problem, the solution usually comes easily, spontaneously, and quickly. But then
you need to create an elaborate plan to actually solve the problem. This is where your
creativity comes in.
First, you think of every possible outcome that may result from the situation, and only
after that can you look for ways to make it happen. This is referred to as a conceptual
style of thinking. You see the first and the last parts of the picture, and get the complete
view by creating the middle part.
33Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
34Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
13. Hidden Passion Number - 7
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers
what we are truly passionate about,
and reveals what we must do to
prove ourselves and make our souls
feelcontent.
You are a person who can see the essence of everything. You will never do something
just because everybody does it or because it is trendy; you have your own interests, and
only believe in things that really matter. You try to perfect yourself in the few areas that
you have selected. You don't bother yourself with what other people think - you have
your own values. You are always willing to spend an evening on your own because you
know how to keep yourself company.
However, you are always ready to share the information you have and to help others. If
you are interested in something, the word "lazy" is erased from your vocabulary and you
can dedicate all of your time and resources to that interest. The stories you tell are
captivating, and you are a deep-thinker who becomes inspired easily and can also
inspire others.
35Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
36Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
37Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
38Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
39Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
40Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
41Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
42Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
43Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
15. Personal Month Number – 3
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
44Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
15. Personal Month Number – 4
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
45Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 0 - age 34)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
46Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 34 - age 43)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
47Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 43 - age 52)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
48Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 52 - age 61)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
49Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
50Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
51Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
52Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
53Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
54Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
55Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
56Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
57Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
58Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
59Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
60Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
61Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
62Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
63Full name: Pham Ngoc Long Date of birth: 29/12/1959
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
64