Tiainen Aleksi Jyri
24/09/1992Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 2Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 3Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
"3-root" Personality Tree
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 4Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
A letter
Dear Tiainen Aleksi Jyri,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 15Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01 02 03
9 4 2
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
7 1 6
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
1 0 11
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
4,6,8
Weaknesses you need to remedy
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 16Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
5 6 9
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1 6,9,6,3
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
3,3,0,6
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 17Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01. Life Path Number - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out
the opportunities, challenges and lessonsthat you need to experiencein thislife. It also
indicateswhich direction your journeyof self-improvement shouldtake for you to attain
happiness.
People with Life Path number 9 are compassionate,
generous toward others, and can be dramatic when it
comestoemotions.
Every aspect of your life and being is influenced by
your strong humanitarian side. You have no shortageof
compassion and strive to make a difference in people's
lives.
You always have a strong sense of honor and can be
trusted with anything. You have virtually no prejudices
against anyone in your life. You are a person of
absolute integrity who never makes a biased judgment.
You arenotcontrolledbyyour emotions.
Your life purpose is to be of service to others. To be
capable of loving people without expectations and
judgment, you must go through many challenges and
difficultiesyourself.
Illuminating lighthouse
Number9is thelast numberoffinalization.
Energy of Number 9
Number 9 marks the point at which the numerical
series fully lights up. Its vibration is eternally
associated with the convergence of the numbers’
Unconditional giving finestqualities.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 18Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01. Life Path Number - 9
Secretknowledge
Number 9’s are highly intuitive when it comes to
people. Number 9 is often associated with knowledge
andhumanity.
Career
Suitable career paths for individuals with Life Path
number 9 include those that allow them to be of
service or bring people together, such as altruistic or
philanthropic work, social welfare, public service,
ministry, doctor, nurse, veterinarian, any other helping
professional, musician, artist, educator, ambassador,
or any other occupations that involve long-distance
communication. They have the potential to be good
interpreters and intermediaries thanks to their ability to
understandotherpeople’s emotions.
Education changer
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate.
Sense ofResponsibility
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate. While you cannot
possibly right every wrong in the world on your own,
your immense compassion will influence you to find
ways to help. Number 9’s elevated position in
relation to other single-digit numbers means that a
personal sense of responsibility to others has a
higherplacementonyour chart.
It’s easy for you to earn people’s respect and
devotion. They can always turn to you for guidance
and assistance when in need; if you can, help them
Humanitarianism tothebestofyour abilities.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 19Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01. Life Path Number - 9
You are altruistic, imaginative and always eager to
participatein philanthropic, literaryorartisticwork.
While some people with Life Path number 9 succeed in
taking advantage of their material blessings, you are not
particularly interested in the pursuit of money, wealth or
power. Should you achieve financial success, you will use
it tohelp others.
In extreme cases, many people with Life Path number 9
even give up all of their material possessions in service of
the betterment of humanity. They may donate large
amounts of money to organizations that conduct
humanitarian or aid work. Their material generosity is
directly connectedtoagenerosityofselfandspirit.
Immense love
Strengths
Number 9’s are genuinely friendly, charming, altruistic and
imaginative people who have developed humanitarian
instincts, like to give - rather than take, and readily
participatein philanthropic, literaryandartisticworks.
You are a very warm and lovable person who possesses
unique charms and a wonderful personality, which enables
you to connect with anyone. Number 9’s tend to be kind-
hearted, unconditionally loving, and very patient and
understanding towards others. If you have Life Path
number 9, you are a compassionate humanitarian who is
able to spread the energy of love to people. You are also
Gratitude and Loyalty idealistic and strong-willed. You were born with a natural
ability to counsel and heal by delivering the values of love.
Your greatest goal is to elevate people’s consciousness of
humanistic values.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 20Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01. Life Path Number - 9
Strengths(continued)
There’s no limit to your imagination, and you like to give
rather than take. As a number 9, you have a captivating
personality, which enables you to fulfill your greatest
desires. Number 9’s have the ability to attain admirable
accomplishments and produce invaluable results or
products.
You lead people by setting examples; others model
themselves after you whether you are aware of this or
not. Your appeals come from how much people love you,
therefore, you should be conscious of your actions,
which serve as blueprints to others. You must be able to
doasyou say.
Your ideals will inspire others. Learning from you helps
themrecognizetheirown potential.
Generosity
Leaders with Life Path number 9 are also very
demanding of themselves and expect their own
performances to be in top shape. You have the ability to
elevate even the simplest and most ordinary things,
turning them into something meaningful and
extraordinary.
Number 9’s have keen eyes, are intelligent and quick-
witted, and can grasp the essence of a problem once
they have access to the bigger picture. You are an
enthusiastic and energetic person who lives their life to
thefullest.People feelwarm when theyarearoundyou.
Weaknesses
Exemplary leader Many number 9’s struggle with being selfless and giving
generously to others, and some even resist this natural
inclination, because they have yet to understand that
giving in to these tendencies of generosity can be
extremelyrewarding.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 21Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01. Life Path Number - 9
Weaknesses(continued)
If you have Life Path number 9, remember that it’s
not your obligation to help everyone; simply do the
best within your abilities and do not succumb to
guilt when you are unable to help. Furthermore,
you need to recognize when you can help in order
not to spread yourself too thin and to make a real
impactonothers'lives.
Number 9’s should be cautious about being too
impatient with those who are slow or keep thinking
and acting erroneously. If number 9’s are afflicted
with negative memories, it’s not easy for you to let
them go, which may cause you to lose your
passion for life and become emotionally
withdrawn. Take care not to become arrogant or
dishonest. Without appropriate guidance, you may
close off your mind, let your abilities go to waste
andlive alifewithout purpose.
Be careful not to fixate on your own and others’
shortcomings, which can cause you to become
controlling towards them. Instead of constantly
wanting to be in charge, you should shift your
focus towards creating love, beauty and
excellence. Your role in life is to bring a poetic
beautyandthemusicofhappiness totheworld.
When you are able to focus on positive things,
your negative emotions will disappear. Should you
be in a state of negative energy, you may become
stubborn, irritable and constantly in conflict with
others. Nevertheless, despite being quick-
tempered, you forget and forgive just as quickly.
Be careful; sometimes, being too high-strung can
lead to conflicts. Deep within you lies a certain
degree of fear and insecurity. Therefore, you need
to eliminate this fear and believe that you will be
cherished,understoodandloved.
Quintessence of numbers
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 22Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
01. Life Path Number - 9
Possessing number 9’s energy, you were born to help others. You are compassionate and
always trytomakeadifferencein people’s lives.
• Eager to help • Considerate
• Adept at communication • Skilled in communicating with
people
• Able to earn trust easily
• Drawn towards humanistic and
• Forgiving and tolerant
educational careers
• Warm
• Has a broad perspective
• Intelligent
• Interested in the larger issues of
• Mature society
• Responsible • Concerned with changing the
perception of family members
• Intuitive
• Enjoys sharing
• Perfectionist with high standards
• Leadership spirit
Becoming a leader or someone who spreads humanistic values
to the world
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 23Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
02. Balance Number - 4
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 4 are
always cautious and disciplined when it
comes to their work. They are also very
demanding and have high standards.
When people with Balance Number 4
encounter new knowledge, they always
want to make detailed analysis and ask
as many questions as it takes to get to
the rootof the matter.
Every team needs a member with
Balance Number 4 to be able to perform
systematic work that requires careful
assessment.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 24Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
03. Destiny Number - 2
⮚ Your destiny is the role and responsibilities you must take on when you come to this
world, andwhatyoumustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny, you will find satisfaction and happiness, and
createincrediblevaluesforsocietyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to bring people together in a loving and harmonious atmosphere.
Your mission is to create harmony, balance and collaborative spirit everywhere you go
and in everything you do. You were born to learn how to foster relationships,
specifically by understanding and connecting with yourself and others.
The path you must take involves the development of diplomatic skills. Having Destiny
Number 2 will encourage you to serve a “higher ideal”, whether in the context of your
family, your workplace or any other ideal you are drawn to. You are destined to
become someone who is adaptable, genuinely caring and focused on the greater
good. Always remember that you must go out there and connect with people, because
when isolated, you will be plagued with pessimistic, depressive and stagnant thoughts.
You will be able to shine when provided with the opportunity to work with others and
contribute to a group, be it your friends, workplace, family or community.
Having Destiny Number 2, you sometimes act as the scales of justice, or an
intermediary lawyer who brings fairness to the world. Accomplishing this is far from
easy, but it is the role you must fulfill if you want to bring more and more happiness into
your life.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 25Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 7
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You have an analytical mind and a profound way of looking at life. Don’t be bothered if
people say you are strange, since everyone has a different comfort zone.
Do whatever you like, surround yourself with people you trust, and stay away from
those you don’t want to be around. Nurture your mind and try to access new
technologies.
You should choose career paths that involve helping others hone their intellect and
improve themselves.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 26Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
05. Soul Urge Number - 1
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it.It can explainthe root cause
of the decisions you make and the
way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 1 want to make their own choices regarding their future
without being influenced by anyone else. You are self-reliant and self-disciplined
enough to make your dreams come true, never letting anyone get in your way. As a
boss or manager, you see yourself as the driving force behind any team or workplace
that you are in charge of.
In a competitive environment, you will surpass anyone who tries to challenge you. You
truly believe that no one else can guide a team as well as you can. You are so
passionate about your beliefs and ideas that other people cannot help but listen to you.
This is particularly beneficial when you have to make tough decisions and convince
other leaders to agree with them.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 27Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
06. Birthday Number - 6
The Birthday Number tells you what your
natural talents are, and what gifts the
Universe has blessed your personality with
onthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive you as
whentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you
willfindoutwhichenvironmentcanenable
you to fully harness your wonderful
qualities.
People with Birthday Number 6 tend to yearn for a harmonious life and therefore possessunique charms.
This is reflected in the fact that they have a comprehensive way of thinking. Number 6 is associated with
friendship, love,health, beauty and wisdom.People with this BirthdayNumberhave verywarm and loving
hearts. This is how Numerology perceives interpersonal relationships, which evidently differs completely
fromitsperception ofperfection.
You might not be the most beautiful or attractive person, but you often have your own unique charms.
However, regardless of the way you look, you possess an energy that makes you stand out among a
crowd. From your manners, the way you dress, to your appearance – everything is handled with great
care – in order to be as appealing as possible. People tend to be trusting of you, but you struggle with
expressing your emotions. It’s as if you had come from another world. There is no explanation to this, so
youmustact asamediator orguide.
Friends or coworkers whoseek your advice are always satisfied with what you have tosay. You arerarely
critical of others, but instead accept who they are and readily forgive their flaws or mistakes. You
meticulously evaluate every situation, and nobody can fool you twice. You have a great life, but do not let
it go to your head. Nevertheless, some might still think you are perfectly happy, which cannot be further
from the truth. You tend to have a materialistic perspective on love; financial situation is a non-negotiable
factor in regard to what you look for in a partner. You believe that those who consider love a game and
disregardthereality oflifewill have topaythepricefortheirdelusions.
People with Birthday Number 6 should try to communicate their emotions more if they want to make
friends or look for a life partner. Only then will the other person be attracted to you for who you really are
instead of who you appear to be. Money is the most important thing to you. You do not dream of
becoming a millionaire or having a giant mansion, but you still consider money to be a vital part of a
wealthy life. People with Birthday Number 6 generally live peaceful lives. In short, this is a great Birthday
Number.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 28Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
07. Personality Number - 1
The personality number
reveals what kind of
impression you make on
others when they first
meet you. In other
words, it describes the
energy or characteristics
that you are projecting
totheworld.
People with Personality Number 1 constantly want to demonstrate their leadership
talents to the world. They are saying to everyone, “Let me lead your team, I’m certain I
will succeed.”
Like everyone else, people with Personality Number 1 are still human, and therefore are
bound to go through failures which they must learn from. You just don't want other
people to see you make such mistakes, as it may mean those people will no longer give
you the admiration they yearn for. People with Personality Number 1 are eager to move
forward in their lives, and are not afraid of handling negative situations as they come up.
Others consider you someone who can stay strong in the face of difficult situations.
People with Personality Number 1 care deeply about their image and how people
perceive them. Because of this, whenever you feel scared or vulnerable, you try to hide
those feelings from people.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 29Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 0
We always have certain views regarding ourselves
and those around us. The Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number serves as a bridge between
your self-image and how others perceive you. This
number gives you advice on how to adjust the way
youaresothatpeopledonotmisunderstand you.
You are constantly full of energy and passion for
the things you do. You are held in high regard
by others for the advice and help that you can
give.
You tend to be considered a role model for
others because of how kind and respectable
you are. Even though some people are envious
of you, they cannot help but respect you
because everything you have was achieved
through hard work and honesty.
You are a simple and sincere person. Do not
overload yourself with responsibilities. Your
efficiency will vastly improve if you stay focused
on one specific thing.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 30Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
09. Maturity Number - 11
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
duringthemostproductiveperiod
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
You will still be highly
perceptive and analytical.
Finding your life purpose is
extremely important to you, and
by now you will have made the
first moves towards achieving
this. You will be successful
career-wise and find great
companions, both as friends
and in other social contexts.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 31Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 32Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 33Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 34Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
11. Rational Thought Number - 5
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think
and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this
number does not tell you
anything about your life path
or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number
reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It
indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come
up with, and the types of
opportunities that will come
toyou.
You are a very intelligent person who doesn't want to settle with being ordinary. Your
thoughts are oriented in a way that makes everything a little bit special because you
need to make a statement, no matter how big or small, in everything you do. When you
face a problem, the solution usually comes easily, spontaneously, and quickly. But then
you need to create an elaborate plan to actually solve the problem. This is where your
creativity comes in.
First, you think of every possible outcome that may result from the situation, and only
after that can you look for ways to make it happen. This is referred to as a conceptual
style of thinking. You see the first and the last parts of the picture, and get the complete
view by creating the middle part.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 35Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
12. Subconscious Self
Number - 6
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. The Subconscious
Self Number helps you focus on the
qualities you have that will be the
key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the main
toolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates the
qualities you must cultivate to be
able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When something happens, only if you can maintain inner peace will you be able to face
the situation. In such scenarios, rely on the person or place that makes you feel safe and
comfortable and can restore your energy. You are resistant to problems and know how
to handle them by nature. The only thing that can hurt you is an inner destabilization that
can lead to overwhelming side effects and make you simply lose self-control. Find your
own safe haven and take better care of yourself.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 36Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
13. Hidden Passion Number - 9
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are
truly passionate about, and reveals what we must
do to prove ourselves and make our souls feel
content.
You have great aesthetic tastes and an amazing
eye for detail. You are a kind and calm person
who tends to excel at everything because you
pay a lot of attention to anything you do. You
believe in what you do because it matters to
you and other people.
You are very compassionate, understanding,
and curious, which will allow you to develop a
lot of skills if you find enough time and
motivation for them. You are among those who
can give others warm feelings inside only after a
short conversation. You have an immense
amount of potential, but you should choose a
few major activities to concentrate on.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 37Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2021)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 38Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2022)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 39Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 40Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 41Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 42Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 4/2023)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 43Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 5/2023)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 44Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 6/2023)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 45Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 0 - age 27)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 46Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 27 - age 36)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 47Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 36 - age 45)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 48Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 45 - age 54)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 49Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 50Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 51Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 52Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 53Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 54Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 55Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 56Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 57Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 58Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 59Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 60Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 61Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 62Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 63Full name: Tiainen Aleksi Jyri Date of birth: 24/09/1992
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email: info@gein.vn
Phone number: 0345 268 799
https://gein.vn | Hotline: 0345.268.799 64