Dang Do Quyen
08/07/1981Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Dang Do Quyen,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19810708SU7X1P
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
01 02 03
7 7 1
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
6 6 8
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
4 2 8
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
9 7 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,9,6,8
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
1,7,6,6
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
01. Life Path Number - 7
The Life Path Number is the
most important number in Map
for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to
experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your
journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain
happiness.
Enlightener
Number 7’s are wise and sensitive philosophers, as well as profound analyzers who are always
searchingfor somethingtoputtheir faith into. Asa number 7, you constantly want touncoverthe
mysteriesoflife.You arereceptivetomysticismandhave arichimagination.
You have a passion for learning, expanding your knowledge, reading and self-studying. Number
7’s biggestlifelessons aretotirelessly improvethemselvesandtobemorally upright.
Energyof Number 7
Number 7 represents the intellectual world, enlightenment and moral uprightness. It reminds us
to constantly improve ourselves, learn new things, and figure out the essence of everything.
Number7’s energyis associatedwith profoundanalysis and sharpintuition.
Characteristics
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
beaninvaluable membertoacademiaand researchinstitutes.
19Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
01. Life Path Number- 7
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very
rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a
perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around
you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your
mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
be an invaluable member to academia and
researchinstitutes.
It’s easy for you to find true friends, because
your intellect and perception allow you to
quicklyrecognize liars and pretenders. Youmay
not have a large number of friends, but those
Expert
who qualify are close and lifelong ones. Never
lower your standards; such friendships will
never last.
Even though number 7’s are often charming, which attracts people towards them, you surround
yourself with a wall that not just anyone can get through. You are not being intentionally aloof;
the wall’s purpose is to ward off any insecurities that you might harbor. Instead of being a social
butterfly, who dives headfirst into social situations, you stayback and assess thesituation before
approaching.
A natural introvert, you are usually not eager to become a part of organizations and groups. You
may be considered by some as socially old-fashioned as you prefer interacting with people at a
relatively slow pace. You value alone time and have no problem with isolation. You spend such
timesreading,studying,orresearching,and overall expanding your intellect andknowledge.
To others, people with Life Path number 7 can come across as distant or aloof. If you have
difficulties with social interactions, these characteristics can spiral into secretiveness or
pessimism.
However, you must understand that you need others just as much as they need you. There are
always good friends to be made, and you can sometimes overlook the positive aspects people
mayhave in your initial assessmentofthem.Do notbetoohastyin writing someoneoff.
Career
Suitable career paths for number 7’s include scientific authority, archeologist, antique expert,
psychoanalyst, surgeon,historian,biologist, investigator,journalist,psychiatrist,andsoon.
With a soul that is drawn towards humanistic values, you can also excel as a lecturer,
humanitarianworker,monk,etc.
20Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
01. Life Path Number - 7
Strengths
You are excellent at analysis and research, bright
and curious, constantly seeking knowledge,
technical and inventive, bookish, meditative,
charismatic in terms of personality and behavior,
attractedbysolitude andpeace,andaperfectionist.
Number 7’s are able to find the link between
anything and form a connection between ideas and
topics that seemingly have nothing to do with each
other. They also have the potential to bring changes
totheirsurroundings.
Profound person
Number 7’s tend to have a good memory, and enjoy contemplating history in order to sharpen
their intellect. You are also very interested in technological and scientific innovations, as well as
predictions ofthefuture.
You are a natural researcher who always thinks on a profound level and is observant to the
mysteries of life. Your performance is at its best when you work alone for extended periods of
time.As Pythagorasonce said,“Thoseseekingwisdom should dosoalone.”
Your intellect drives you to constantly ask “Why” to everything. You like to view life through a
lens that combines logic and intuition. Number 7’s prefer learning from experiences and dislike
being held back by rules. You should choose a suitable area of expertise and dig deep to
becomeanexpertin it.
The perpetual desire for knowledge often causes number 7’s to travel a lot in order to learn and
read more about different lands and cultures, and about space and time. Number 7’s are very
concerned with maintaining acontingencyfund. It’s agoodthing to bethrifty, but they should not
skimponinvesting in personaldevelopment.
Weakness
The fact that you are nearly always right means that you need to be careful not to become over-
confident and self-righteous. You need to remain open to the idea that there are still things
otherscanteachyou, even when you seemtohave learnedeverything.
Many number 7’s prefer living on their own and may struggle with letting others into their lives.
You may also find it difficult to overcome the belief that you are entitled to great things or the
world treats you unfairly. You must try your best to tolerate people and make the best of who
they are. No matter how good you are, you do not have everything; never walk alone.When you
facethebattlesoflife,it’s notagoodthingtobealone.
In romantic relationships, you need enough personal space to be on your own when necessary.
Despite being affectionate, you have too many standards for potential life partners. Sometimes,
theideal candidateyou arehoping forsimply doesnotexist.
21Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
01. Life Path Number - 7
Wordsof advice
You should open up your heart. Number 7’s
can sometimes be distant and struggle with
displaying affection. Learn how to be caring
andaffectionatetowardsthosearoundyou.
Number 7’s should alsocultivate the belief that
as long as they do good deeds, miracles will
come to your life. A lifestyle with too much
analyzing and skepticism can be exhausting
anddrainyou completely ofenergy.
Get closer to nature and spend quiet time
alone to explore your innate talents. Practices
Constantly improve such as meditation or yoga are particularly
oneself beneficial tonumber7’s.
• Good analytical skills • Enjoys personal development
• Meticulous and demanding • Able to withstand pressure
• Observant • Logical thinking
• Broad and deep knowledge • Good memory
• Intensely focused • Able to grasp patterns
• Highly responsible with work • Influential and persuasive
performance
• Independent
• Strategizing skills and big vision
• Good fortune
• Intuitive
• Studious
Constantly improving yourself and becoming an expert in a
certain field
22Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
02. Balance Number - 7
The Balance Number indicates
how someone faces the
difficulties and challenges that
cometheirwayinlife
People with Balance Number 7 observe and assess the world with a strictly logical
mind.
This gives you an edge when it comes to learning or accessing knowledge. However,
you must be careful when navigating relationships, and learn how to open up and be
more tolerant. Only then can your life become more pleasant and enjoyable.
23Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
03. Destiny Number - 1
Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take
on when you come to this
world,and what you must doto
bebeneficialtoit.
Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find
satisfactionandhappiness, and
create incredible values for
societyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to transform people into leaders.
Your mission is to become a leader in whichever career path you are passionate about
and excel at. You love power and want to be the best at what you do. You have very
high expectations both for yourself and for others.
Your purpose is to lead and pioneer – people with Destiny Number 1 are always full of
life and are usually the center of attention. You are courageous, tend to act
independently according to your creative ideas, like innovation and have a strong sense
of responsibility. You communicate and act with clarity and compassion.
Destiny Number 1 will bring you life experiences that allow you to explore yourself and
eliminate self-doubts. You must stay determined and never let any obstacle or barrier
get in the way towards realizing your vision. You are able to keep work and play
separate. In order to reduce stress, you will need to follow an exercise regimen.
Destiny Number 1 indicates that, whether you are doubting yourself or do not have the
courage to use your powers, it is still your destiny to become a leader. You must
express your uniqueness and leadership talents in order to guide others. Destiny
Number 1 demands that you grow from a dependent person into a self-reliant one,
then develop individuality, become accomplished and finally be a pioneer.
24Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
04. Life Path – Destiny
Connection Number - 6
This number tells you what you must
do to learn your life lesson and fulfill
yourdestiny.
People with Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 are creative innovators. You need
to constantly bring inspiration and a warm energy to others. If you excel at something,
build on and enjoy this ability, as you have the ability to make everything better. For you,
the key to success is to make constant improvements and become more open.
The Life Path – Destiny Connection number 6 represents an artistic combination. There
is an artist inside you; do not suppress this potential. People with this number commonly
make the mistake of concealing their talents and take them for granted instead of
nurturing them. Not only can artistic talents bring you both financial success and spiritual
satisfaction, they can also become a source of motivation and inspiration for others.
25Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
05. Soul Urge Number - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 6 are willing to sacrifice their own happiness if it means
they can make someone else happy. You care about people more than their own family
and friends do. People with Soul Urge Number 6 extend their love to everyone: friends,
family, and even strangers who are in distress.
As an old saying goes, it is always better to give than it is to receive. You live to help
others and bring them joy and relief. You are more concerned for the lives of others than
you are for your own. This is how much you love people. The greatest pleasure you can
get occurs when you are able to help people solve whatever problem they are having at
the moment.
26Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
06. Birthday Number - 8
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number,
you will find out which environment
can enable you to fully harness your
wonderfulqualities.
According tothemajorityof Numerology documents, peoplewithBirthday Number 8tend tobe
skilled in business and financial management. However, their true potential is far greater than
just that. This is evidenced by the long list of celebrities who have this Birthday Number. Many
musiciansand actorswere born withBirthday Number8.
People with Birthday Number 8, no matter which month they were born in, are highly ambitious
and energetic, and have the potential to do great things. You are able to express your
intelligenceand emotions,thereby helpingyouachieveleadershipposition.
It’s hard work to maintain an amicable relationship with people who have Birthday Number 8.
Your life partner must understand and respect who you are as a person. You require absolute
freedom, as independence is one of the most important things to you. In romantic relationships,
you are willing to do anything for your significant other. Therefore, you should choose your life
partner very carefully.
People with Birthday Number 8 tend to have an intense personality. You can be deeply in love
with someone, but are often misunderstood because loving you is not easy. You sometimes
appearstoic despitebeing heavilyemotionalonthe inside,and dislikeexpressing yourfeelings.
You should direct all your focus on a specific goal and avoid being controlled by your emotions.
Once you have learned how to “go with the flow” and accept what happens to you instead of
resisting them, you will become happier and reach your goals more quickly. You are intelligent,
mentallyand spirituallystrong,artisticallytalented,and quite sentimental.
27Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
07. Personality Number - 4
The personality number reveals what kind
of impression you make on others when
they first meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or characteristics
thatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are humble, conscientious, profound and a
little distant.
Individuals with Personality Number 4 want the information they receive to always be
clear, detailed and specific.
They sometimes project a distant and unreadable outward appearance, which leads
others to find you unapproachable when they first meet you.
People with Personality Number 4 will not accept dishonesty. If they realize they have
been lied to or given false information, they will most likely refuse to continue the
conversation.
It can be somewhat difficult for people with Personality Number 4 to quickly form a
relationship. They are quite cautious when it comes to social interactions. Despite
yearning for affection and connections at their core, they will still put on an indifferent
facade whenever they encounter someone for the first time.
28Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 2
We always have certain views regarding ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge between your self-image and how others
perceiveyou.Thisnumbergivesyou advice on howtoadjustthewayyouareso that peopledo
notmisunderstand you.
You have the ability to influence people, but you must learn to be considerate of their
needs. The relationships that you have will improve if you understand the
expectations of the other person. You also need to learn how to be patient and gentle
when it comes to work. Sometimes, it’s not a good idea to push for things to happen
too quickly and intensely.
29Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
09. Maturity Number - 8
The Maturity Number tells
you what you should do and
what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the
best of your abilities during
the most productive period of
your life, which is from the
ageof30to35.
In this period, you need to seek opportunities that allow you to make financial
investments or operate a business. In order to make profitable investments and run a
successful business, you need to constantly upgrade your skills and improve yourself.
This is also the time for you to hone your financial management ability. Avoid making
investments that are not based on your own knowledge, and spending money
unreasonably.
30Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
32Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
11. Rational Thought Number - 9
This is a special number that reflects the way
you think and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life path or
subconscious, and instead has to do with your
wayofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act
in stressful situations. It indicates the quality
of the solutions that you can come up with,
andthetypesof opportunitiesthatwillcometo
you.
Being attentive to details, you only think
about a few things at a time, and are
therefore never overloaded with
information. It is normal for you to think
about how to improve the current state of
affairs and how to change things for the
better. Your mind is always searching for
better solutions. You are intellectual and
have well-developed moral values.
People around you sometimes find you
difficult to understand because you tend to
have different life purposes from them.
Unlike you, they mostly think about their
own position and advantages, while you
often have the best interests of everyone in
mind. Your type of thinking can be
described as idealistic rather than realistic.
33Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
34Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
35Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
36Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
37Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
38Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
39Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
40Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
41Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
42Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
43Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 4
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
44Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
15. Personal Month Number – 5
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
45Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 0 - age 29)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
46Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 29 - age 38)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
47Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 38 - age 47)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
48Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 47 - age 56)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
49Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
50Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
51Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
52Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
53Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
54Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
55Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
56Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
57Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
58Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
59Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
60Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
61Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
62Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
63Full name: Dang Do Quyen Date of birth: 08/07/1981
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
64