Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent
30/09/1972Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19720930AK6G9R
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
01 02 03
4 2 8
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
4 7 3
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
1 6 3
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
6,8
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
9 7 3
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,4,7,1
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
6,2,4,8
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
01. Life Path Number - 4
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 4 represents a solid foundation, attention
to details, discipline and determination. Number
4’s always remain loyal to their principles until the
very end.
Number 4’s are honest and reliable individuals
who have a very practical view of life. When
entrusted with any task, you always apply yourself
to the fullest. Like the four sides of a square,
number4symbolizes stability.
When describing number 4’s, those around them
cannot help but recognize their organization skills
andsenseofresponsibility.
The foundation
Energyof Number 4
Number 4’s vibration produces the most
reliable individuals on the planet. This number
indicates commitment, patience, and a burning
and unwavering faith in what they believe.
Number 4 is symbolized by a square with four
equal sides. Whenever you start an endeavor,
you always research thoroughly, make
meticulous plans, act cautiously and usually
make decisions rationally. You require detailed
dataandstatisticstowork efficiently.
Meticulous attention to detail
19Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
01. Life Path Number - 4
Characteristics
Individuals with Life Path number 4 are gifted
with a number of natural talents, including
making smart plans, implementing them with
practical approaches, and correcting mistakes
efficiently.
The foundation that society is built upon relies
on the security and stability that number 4’s
provide. They are often described as
pragmaticandreliable.
Stability, security and certainty are what
number 4’s always strive for. They are drawn
towards thingsthataretangible andexplicit.
Studious person
Many people with Life Path number 4 are
committed to their ideals by making
practical plans to realize them. You have
the ability to not only design grand plans,
but also apply the necessary knowledge
andexpertise tobringthemtofruition.
For number 4’s, with great efforts come
great success, many accomplished
entrepreneurs and CEOs were born under
Life Path number 4. Should a number 4 not
have the motivation to lead, they will devote
themself to a deserving leader and feel
satisfied working to realize his or her grand
ideals.
Job scheduler
20Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
01. Life Path Number - 4
There are number 4’s who have what it takes to
begeniuses, specifically an inborn curiosity and
desire for knowledge. Number 4’s are adept at
observation and information gathering. Born
under number 4, you must learnhowto not only
think practically, but also create innovative
ideas.
Just take a look at Bill Gates, one of the most
prominent entrepreneurs of the 21st century.
Having Life Path number 4, he can both tackle
detail-oriented tasks like programming, and
invent great solutions for the world like
Microsoft.
Stability and sustainability
Strengths
You are concerned with sustainable growth.
Your approaches are highly practical and
employ scientific reasoning. You pay great
attention to details and the development of
systems and procedures. You are a skillful
organizerandanadept manager.
You have a deep love for your family and
friends. You are compassionate and patient
towards everyone, and expect them to give you
thesametreatment.
When learning something new, number 4’s are
always determined to become an expert on the
subject. If you are truly adept at something, do
Discipline
not hesitate to share with and teach people
about it. It is absolutely possible for you to make
moneyfromdoing so.
21Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
01. Life Path Number - 4
Weaknesses
Occasionally, your steadfast belief in the
decisions you make can cause you to become
less flexible and open to new things. Others may
consider you obstinate, stubborn and resistant to
feedback.
Number 4’s cautiousness can also make them
miss out on opportunities in life. If number 4’s pay
too much attention to details, they can fail to see
thebiggerpicture.
In situations where number 4’s energy presents
itself in a negative way, you can exhibit a clear
lack ofcautionand self-discipline.
Expert in numbers
Wordsof advice
If you are a man with Life Path number 4, you may feel the need to be perceived as the family’s
patriarch. If you are a woman with Life Path number 4, you often exhibit the ability to handle
familial matters and take care of every family member. As such, you should make sure to set
aside enough time for relaxation and healthy recreational hobbies, such as going camping,
cooking, gardening or other slow-paced activities. You should also maintain a clean and
organizedliving spacein ordertostayhealthybothmentally andphysically.
Number 4’s should be cautious of living their lives too rigidly and setting too many rules for
themselves. Number 4’s are also workaholics who often become burnt out after working for
extended periods of time. If you find yourself unable to find the humor in others’ jokes, it can be
a sign that you need to spend more time relaxing. Change up old habits and routines, or even
decorateandreorganize your living space,which mayhave becomedull toyou.
If you get into the habit of comparing yourself to others, you are only wasting your time, which is
your greatest asset. Instead, make your own moves with confidence and take charge of your
future. Never hesitate to do anything, big or small, that will help you move forward in your
journeytowards success.
22Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
01. Life Path Number - 4
Like a square, number 4’s are reliable, sincere, trustworthy and have practical views. You are
loyal, value family,live in harmonyandwith discipline.
• Careful and meticulous • Academically gifted
• Composed and steadfast • Hardworking
• Disciplined and organized • Loyal and faithful
• Able to follow procedures • Sincere
• Traditional • Loving towards family
• Simple • Affectionate
• Thrifty • Able to provide for your family
• Able to keep secrets • Good fortune when dealing with
real estates
Becoming an expert in a certain field
23Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
02. Balance Number - 2
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 2 always want to solve problems in a peaceful manner.
Facing conflicts, they will step back and sacrifice.
When presenting with different choices, they should utilize their sharp intuition to
choose the right one. Their gut feelings and the decisions they make intuitively are
usually the correct one.
24Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
03. Destiny Number - 8
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must
take on when you come to
this world, and what you
mustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill
this destiny, you will find
satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values
for society and your
community.
Your destiny is to design business models.
You were born with entrepreneurial capabilities and fortune always smiles upon you in
business dealings. People with Destiny Number 8 frequently come across business
opportunities, and have the ability to envision new business models. Your role is to
constantly create business “playgrounds” that allow others to join you in the fun,
because it is your mission to help people attain financial prosperity.
You must learn how to give generously to others. Do not keep business systems a
secret for too long and instead share them with others. You will realize that you did not
come to this world only to generate wealth and fame for yourself, but also have the
responsibility to contribute to society. Fulfilling this mission will reward you everything
you need.
You are destined to learn how to be confident and charismatic without being corrupted
by power and money and becoming a ruthless person.
You have an incredible potential to transform people’s lives. You are an excellent leader
and a source of energy that is capable of generating wealth. Having a brusque,
straightforward and dogmatic personality makes it easy for you to be misunderstood.
You will be living by your destiny once you become wealthy and are able to give
generously to others. Be careful; do not let the pursuit of material wealth undermine
your ability to develop healthy relationships. Don’t be stubborn and do listen to others’
advice; they will help you build your empire.
If you are struggling with financial matters, you should regroup, practice healing and
search for your true self by acting in accordance with personal boundaries. Number 8’s
energy is not associated with an easy path. It demands that you dig deeper into your
power and overcome countless obstacles. Having Destiny Number 8 means you must
rise above any difficulties
25Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 4
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You need to learn how to think more pragmatically, as well as how to manage your time
and plan for your life. Working hard and focusing on a specific field will bring you
success. You must also learn how to keep up with the changing world around you.
You must not procrastinate or give up. Determination and perseverance will help you
achieve success and find happiness.
26Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
05. Soul Urge Number - 7
TheSoul UrgeNumberrevealsthe
reason behind what you do and
how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you
make and the way you react to
everything and everyone around
you.
This is a very important number
as it can help you make sense of
every desire and dissatisfaction
you have, as well as give you the
directiontowardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 7 make decisions after careful deliberation based on
facts and statistics. You tend to avoid taking reckless risks without assessing potential
consequences. They constantly want to learn more. Your overall goal in life is to gain as
much knowledge as you can.
Rather than making assumptions, people with Soul Urge Number 7 only believe in
things that are based on facts and scientific evidence, which makes it hard for you to
believe in what people say, especially those you don’t know. You prefer getting to know
someone as much as possible before opening up to and placing your trust in them.
Those around you tend to be trusting of you as you are mindful and candid. Therefore,
your opinions are often held in higher regard than others’.
You sometimes enjoy being alone in privacy, or spending time in nature, for example in
the ocean or on mountains.
27Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
06. Birthday Number - 3
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has blessed
yourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want
otherstoperceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
UnderstandingyourBirthdayNumber,youwillfindout
which environment can enable you to fully harness
yourwonderfulqualities.
People with Birthday Number 3 are highly ambitious and tend to have a very strong will. Mostof
them devote a lot of time to their careers. It’s not easy for you to be in a subordinate position.
You understand the meaning of having authority, know how to wield it, and want to gain more
of it.
You always have enoughenergy and strength to make your dreams come true. You rarely have
self-doubts and also dislike it when others are indecisive. People feel the need to exercise
caution with their words when they are around you. You tend to come up with highly ambitious
plansbecause youalwaysknowhowtoimplementthem.
The mostprominenttraitsof people withBirthdayNumber 3are courage and ambition. Justlike
those with Birthday Number 1, you spend very little time on romantic relationships. When you
do, you like to be the one in charge. For you, successfully pursuing a romantic interest is
comparable to the fulfillment of a passion. You tend to be interested in people with strong
characters,butstrong astheyare,ultimately,they willall fallfor you.
People with Birthday Number 3 dislike it when their significant others are on an equal footing
with them or try to be as such. To make you happy, your significant other needs to stand out
and compensate for what you lack, but should never be above you. Moreover, to maintain a
loving relationship, an ideal partner for people with Birthday Number 3 should have an
accommodatingand flexiblepersonality.
People with this Birthday Number have a way with words but can also easily hurt people’s
feelings through what they say. This is because you have difficulty sympathizing with those who
are notasstrong and hardened asyou.
People with Birthday Number 3 must learn how to rein in their temper and ambitions. Tolerance
is a great virtue, too! Should you be able to improve in this regard, you will maximize the
potentialof your bestqualities.
28Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
07. Personality Number - 1
The personality number
reveals what kind of
impression you make on
others when they first
meet you. In other
words, it describes the
energy or characteristics
that you are projecting
totheworld.
People with Personality Number 1 constantly want to demonstrate their leadership
talents to the world. They are saying to everyone, “Let me lead your team, I’m certain I
will succeed.”
Like everyone else, people with Personality Number 1 are still human, and therefore are
bound to go through failures which they must learn from. You just don't want other
people to see you make such mistakes, as it may mean those people will no longer give
you the admiration they yearn for. People with Personality Number 1 are eager to move
forward in their lives, and are not afraid of handling negative situations as they come up.
Others consider you someone who can stay strong in the face of difficult situations.
People with Personality Number 1 care deeply about their image and how people
perceive them. Because of this, whenever you feel scared or vulnerable, you try to hide
those feelings from people.
29Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 6
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You are a sociable person to whom relationships are very important. Your cheerful and
motivated disposition inspires those around you. However, do not be naive and share all
your plans with others. This does not mean you should shut yourself off from people or
be overly cautious. You need to find people that you truly trust because this will be the
foundation of your success. Keep loved ones close to you as they can help you
destress, and remind yourself to display affection to others.
30Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
09. Maturity Number - 3
The Maturity Number tells you what you should do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during the most productive period of your life, which is
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you must focus on personal branding. Number 3 is associated with
extraversion and social connections. The more time you spend among crowds, the more
successful you will be.
If you want to become a certain type of person, you should apply yourself fully to
cultivating and asserting your values. The whole universe will come together to assist you
in this endeavor in the best way possible.
In this period, people will listen to you and ask you for advice. Therefore, you need to
improve your communication skills so that everything you say makes an impact on
others.
31Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
32Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
33Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
11. Rational Thought Number - 9
This is a special number that reflects the way
you think and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life path or
subconscious, and instead has to do with your
wayofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act
in stressful situations. It indicates the quality
of the solutions that you can come up with,
andthetypesof opportunitiesthatwillcometo
you.
Being attentive to details, you only think
about a few things at a time, and are
therefore never overloaded with
information. It is normal for you to think
about how to improve the current state of
affairs and how to change things for the
better. Your mind is always searching for
better solutions. You are intellectual and
have well-developed moral values.
People around you sometimes find you
difficult to understand because you tend to
have different life purposes from them.
Unlike you, they mostly think about their
own position and advantages, while you
often have the best interests of everyone in
mind. Your type of thinking can be
described as idealistic rather than realistic.
34Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
35Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
13. Hidden Passion Number - 3
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
A talkative and energetic person, you enjoy being in the company of people. With the
drive you have, it is possible for you to become a successful YouTube star or blogger
because your enthusiastic and cheerful disposition can be irresistible. Your passion is
to share what you have and to be in constant action.
Despite being susceptible to mood swings, you can always find a way to cheer yourself
up because there is no point in staying grumpy for too long. You are witty and have an
exceptional mind, which is often expressed through the way you dress and talk. You
are also naturally gifted at sharing information or teaching, so all the skills you have can
be effectively communicated to everyone.
36Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
37Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2024)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
38Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2025)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
39Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
40Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
41Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
42Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
43Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
44Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
15. Personal Month Number – 1
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
45Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
15. Personal Month Number – 2
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
46Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 0 - age 32)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
47Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 32 - age 41)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
48Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 41 - age 50)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
49Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 50 - age 59)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
50Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
51Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
52Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
53Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
17. Challenge Number - 8
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
If you have Challenge Number 8, you need to learn the lesson of moderation.You
may experience problems with interpersonal relationships.You have the ability to
work hard and be passionate about what you do, but if you care about the
materialworld too muchandspend all your energy there, it willbe hard for you to
overcome this challenge. Its purpose is to teach you how to value the things that
cannot be bought or sold. It is a lesson on how to appreciate real kindness, love,
friendship, sincerity, and care. If you manage not to take these things for granted
during thisperiod,youwillsucceed.
54Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
55Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
56Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
57Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
58Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
59Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
60Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
61Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
62Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
63Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
64Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
65Full name: Paul Guy Treluyer Vincent Date of birth: 30/09/1972
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
66