Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Bounlatay Liam ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
3 5 11
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
1 3 3
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
8 5 5
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
8
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
11 8 1,3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1,2,3 4,2,6,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
2,5,3,7
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Representing an everlasting flame, Number 3 is the first of the Creative numbers. It is also associated
withtheimageofanisoscelestriangle,whichsymbolizescreativity,discoveryandconstantgrowth.
Your child is highly energetic and charismatic. They constantly want to express their opinions and
thoughts about everything around them. They are also very active, like to explore and can be on the
movealldaywithoutfeelingtired.
Yourchildtendstodisplayacheerfulandoutgoingpersonality,aswellasagreatsenseofhumoranda
charmingstyleofcommunication.Theyhaveexcellentdebatingandreasoningskills.Theywillstandby
theiropinionsuntiltheendiftheyperceivethemtoberight.
Highly creative, your child is naturally talented at arts and crafts, painting or composing music. They
alsopayalotofattentiontotheirappearanceandknowhowtopresentthemselveswell.
16
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER- 3
STRENGTHS
Yourchildisverytalkativeandenjoyscommunicatingwithothers,whichenablesthemtoexpresstheir
opinionsinaclearandreasonablemanner,andtocomeoutontopindebates.Theyarealmostalways
cheerfulandanimated,whichbringjoytothosearoundthem.
Your child likes exploring, experiencing new things and being constantly active, and is therefore very
intelligent, quick-witted, perceptive and creative. They can easily adapt to an unfamiliar environment
andeventeachandguideotherstodothesame.
Your child usually stands out from other children of the same age thanks to their ability to
communicate with, persuade and appeal to any crowd. They also know how to present themselves in
ordertohaveadistinctive,uniqueandattractiveappearance.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Your child’s energy level can sometimes be excessive, which means they are so chatty and active that
others become tired from trying to keep up with them. When things do not go their way, they easily
losetheirtemperandevenlashout.However,theywillnotstaythatwayforlongandlightenuprather
quickly.
Due to your child’s ability to reason and debate, you may find that they talk back to you too much for
your liking. In an argument, they tend to be overly competitive and adamantly defend their views
insteadoftakingthereasoningsofotherpartiesintoconsideration.
17
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldgivethem the freedom to beactive and exploreasmuchasthey wantbecausethatis how
theygettoknowtheworldaroundthemandreleasethelargeamountofenergytheyhave.Youshould
also pay attention to nurturing their artistic or creative talents, and encourage them to participate in
activitiesthatinvolveputtingonaperformancesuchasmusic,actingorpublicspeaking.
Additionally, you should be a role model for your child regarding how to listen to other people and
respect their feelings. When they become angry, you should patiently explain the situation to them
and help them release their anger in a healthy manner. They particularly love receiving compliments,
soyoushouldsparenoencouragementandrecognitionwhenever theyaccomplishsomething.
Youcanalsodevelopyourchild’slinguisticskillsbyencouragingthemtoreadbooks,givepresentations
onacertaintopic,orcreateartisticorliteraryworks.
18
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Talkative and good at debates
• Able to bring inspiration and positive energy to others
• Able to stand out among a crowd
• Enjoys being active, exploring and expressing their creativity
• Can be quick-tempered, impulsive and argumentative
LESSON
Life Path Number 3 indicates that your child’s lesson is to become an inspirational speaker
who uses the power of language to uplift others.
19
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 5
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has incredible creative abilities but are sometimes unable to fully harness them. When
encountering problems, they tend to avoid them and procrastinate instead of focusing on finding a
solution.Youshouldteachthemhowtobeopen-mindedandreceptivetonewapproachesratherthan
trying to reuse what they have found in the past. They will also need to learn how to be flexible and
adapttothechangesintheenvironmentaroundthem.Teachthemnottoavoidtheproblemandmake
excuses;theywillfindthesolutionaslongastheyarefocusedanddedicated.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 11
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Your child’s destiny is to become someone who can guide, inspire and enlighten people. Sensitive,
honest and highly intuitive, they excel at connecting with, cooperating with and mediating between
people,whichmakesothersenjoyworkingwiththem.
Your child’s sensitive nature makes them prone to being hurt during their childhood, especially when
their family goes through conflicts or losses. However, they are usually more sensitive and intuitive
than other family members, and therefore tend to feel left out, isolated, and forced to bottle up their
feelings.Asaresult,theyareoftenshyandreservedatyoungerages,andevencarryoveraninsecure,
fragile, vulnerable and indecisive personality into their adulthood. Because of this, you must try to
maintain a harmonious and joyful atmosphere in your family, regularly talk to them, and help them
becomemoreconfidentandoptimistic.
Imaginativeandidealistic,yourchildhasthe potentialtobecomesomeonewhocanguide,inspireand
enlightenpeople,andalsohelpthemovercomethe obstaclesandnegativeaspectswithinthemselves.
To be able to do this, your child must always keep their passion and ideals aflame in their heart, and
harnessthe fullpotential oftheirinbornempathy,profound wayof thinking, andspiritualtalents.You
can enable them to participate in activities that involve teaching and instructing people, sharing their
knowledge, or healing others emotionally in order to take full advantage of and nurture their natural
abilities. At the same time, you should help them develop the habits of being disciplined and thinking
realistically instead of having their head in the clouds or making commitments they are not going to
keep.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 1
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 1 indicates that your child needs to become
independent, self-reliant andstandontheir owntwo feet. To be able to learntheir life
lessonandfulfilltheir destiny,they mustalwaysbe proactiveanddecisive,andidentify
clear goals in everything they do. You should allow them to decide for themselves and
teach them to take responsibility for their decisions. Instead of doing things or making
decisions for them, let them express their views, teach them how to break down their
goalsandallowthemtomaketheirownchoices.
Once your child has developed this ability, they will become a self-reliant person who
knows how to make the right decisions without having to depend on other people’s
opinions. The only things they need to do is to focus on themselves, understand what
they must or should do to reach their goals, stand up when they are fallen, and take
initiativesinturningtheirdreamsandambitionsintoreality.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 3
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 3 indicates that your child is a charismatic and dynamic person who enjoys making
friends,expressingthemselvesandpartying.Theywerebornwithgreatcreativityandaesthetictastes,
particularly in areas related to colors. Additionally, they are gifted with excellent artistic talents which
may include music, dancing, acting and painting. They like being affectionate and helpful towards
people, particularly by giving them advice, compliments or encouragement. Likewise, they want to be
recognizedandappreciatedinreturn.
Your child has their own opinions, are highly ambitious, and dislike being held back. However, their
tendencytospreadthemselvestoothinmaymakeitdifficultforthemtostayfocusedandsuccessfully
realize their ideas. Therefore, you need to help them develop patience and compassion, and teach
themnottoprocrastinateandhesitate.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 3
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 3indicates thatyour childischarismatic andpositive,andtherefore caneasilycharm
and impress other people. Outgoing and drawn towards exciting and joyful things, they are naturally
gifted in many areas related to creativity and self-expression. You can activate and nurture these gifts
byencouragingthemtoread,singorwriteinordertodeveloptheirlinguisticskills,andsigningthemup
forclassesthatteachself-expressionskillssuchasbeingapresenter.
Having an intuitive way of thinking and a rich imagination, your child is able to radiate joy and
happiness everywhere they go. They are also highly intelligent, adaptable and creative. Therefore, you
shouldfocusondevelopingtheirimaginative,artistic,musicalandothercreativeabilities.
However,itcanbeeasyforyourchildtomissoutonopportunitiestogrowiftheylackself-confidence,
or procrastinate and spread themselves too thin to the point that they are unable to complete every
task. Beware that they easily become fixated on new experiences, as well as their interests and
passions. You should focus on teaching them how to set appropriate priorities, and avoid criticizing or
sayingharshwordstothem,becausedoingsocannegativelyimpactthedevelopmentoftheirskills.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 8
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are dynamic, energetic, outspoken and perceptive.
When someone asks them for help, they will get to know the situation before agreeing to the request. If
they do not feel comfortable doing so, they will decline in a straightforward manner, and will not change
theirmindonceadecisionhasbeenmade.
Your child pays a lot of attention to their appearances, and likes things that are attractive, colorful or
luxurious. They also enjoy being generous to others, but if anyone wants to take advantage of this, they
cansee through itrightaway. This iswhy youmay be surprisedby the way they handle certain situations.
However, it’s simply because they are perceptive to and cautious against attempts to take advantage of
them.
Some people like how unambiguous, practical and straightforward your child is because it means they
never have to guess what’s on their mind. That being said, in some cases, your child might hurt others’
feelingsbynotmincingtheirwordsaboutwhattheylikeordislike.Thesearethecharacteristicsassociated
with Personality Number 8 that they display to others. However, they are often simply initial impressions
anddonotrepresenttheentiretyoftheirthoughtsandfeelings.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 5
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
Thisnumberindicatesthatyourchildshouldbecomemoreflexibleandcreativeinrelationshipsorwhen
appearinginfrontofothers.Eventhoughjoyfulnessandpositivitywillhelpthemattracttheattentionof
others, they also need to be responsible for the opinions they express, and avoid changing their mind
constantly when communicating with those around them. This will help them have more self-respect
and others will also respect them more. Your child should demonstrate confidence, enthusiasm and
flexibility in every communication opportunity. Sometimes, they also need to get over the desire to
maintaintheiropinionsandavoidsituationswheremisunderstandingscanarise.Theyshoulddetermine
whatisimportantandwillhelpthemachievesuccess.
15
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 5
TheMaturityNumberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber5indicatesthatthisisaperiodforyourchildtoexperienceas
manynewthingsastheycaninordertobecomemoreflexibleandfindcreative
inspirations for their work. They should be willing to face challenges to gain
experience and come up with new solutions both in their career and in their
life. If they come across any opportunity to switch careers, or envision a new
life direction, they should strive to transform themselves or make
breakthroughs.
During this period, the more they maintain a positive attitude and bring joy to
others, the more attractive they will appear and the more opportunities will
cometothem.
This is also a period when your child will go through many emotions and
encounter liberating and creativity stimulating experiences. Therefore, they
can become preoccupied with social activities. They should be mindful about
mattersrelatedtopaperworkorlegality,andavoidgettinginvolvedinlawsuits.
23
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 8
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 8 indicates that your child might have problems with using money correctly
and having self-control, thus having to rely on others financially, or wasting their money away even
when they are financially independent. They tend to live too much in the moment without having
enoughconcernfortheirfutureorunforeseeneventsthatcanhappentothem.
In order to remedy this shortcoming, you should encourage your child to have a passion for making
money,andteachthemhowtospendmoneyandthevalueofmakingeffortstoearnmoney.
38
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 11
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 11 indicates that your child has an unpredictable type of thinking; sometimes
they make decisions very quickly in a goal-oriented, independent and unambiguous manner, but there
are also times when they spend a lot of time thinking, ask many questions and consider everyone's
opinions carefully before making the decision. Occasionally, their decision-making is also based on
rationality or intuition, which makes it difficult for others to identify and grasp the way they look at
problems.
49
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 8
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
HavingSubconsciousSelfNumber8willhelpyourchildmaintainarealisticviewpointofthesituationsthey
encounter in life. From a practical perspective, they will be able to identify their goal for each situation,
aimforviableresultsandconstantlythinkaboutthegoaltomakeitareality.
Inorder to helpyourchildharnessthe powerofthisnumber,youshouldaccompanyandsupportthem in
establishing goals for their academic career and personal life. These goals need to have specific results,
whichallows themto envisionwhatit will be like to achieve them. This vision will helpthem be confident
anddeterminedenoughtoachievetheirgoals.
58
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER – 1
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child constantly wants to make their own decisions, and to become a
leader or a pioneer. When they receive other people’s trust, this number will
give them the willpower and determination they need to reach their goals.
They also like to express themselves and never shy away from taking
responsibilityfortheirchoices.
Ifyourchildcanutilizetherobustresourcesthey havetoharnessthe powerof
Hidden Passion Number 1, they will be able to become a leader in the future.
However,intheprocessofpursuingtheirpassion,theyshouldalsotakeothers’
views into consideration, which will give them the right idea of what direction
theyshouldtake.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 3
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child always wants to share and express their views on everything they
encounter.Talkativeandenergetic,theyfeelhappywhenhavingconversations
or speaking their mind, and even more so when their advice is well received.
Maintaining positive energy and emotional balance will help them bring joy
andmotivationtothosetheyinteractwith.
The way your child dresses and talks exude wittiness, a sense of humor and
exceptional intelligence, all of which constitute their charm in the eyes of
others. Their ability to share information and instruct people enables them to
teachtheirskillstoanyoneinaneffectivemanner.
62
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 8
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child will feel energized. This is the time for them to wrap up the projects they
have started and focus on reaching the finish lines. Even the smallest effort will still be able to bring
concreteresults,soyoushouldmakesurethattheysetappropriateprioritiesfortheirpersonallife.
If there is anything your child has long wantedto do but never hadthe courage,time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, they can only achieve results with enough inspiration and
motivation. Therefore, you need to support them in their efforts to reach their goals. Additionally, you
shouldgivethemenoughtimetorestandrelaxaftertheyhaveworkedorstudiedhard.
85
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 0 - age 33)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 33 - age 42)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 6
(age 42 - age 51)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period when your child needs to focus on taking care of familial affairs. They should spend more
time for their family because the energy associated with family and taking care of loved ones will help
their career progress smoothly. During this period, there is no need for them to overexert themselves or
raceagainstanything.Instead,theyshouldfocusontheirfamilyfirst,thenonthecommunity.
During this period, your child will be considerate, caring and helpful to their family and other people
aroundthem,andfilltheirworldwithloveandaffection.Theyshouldactivelyengageinsowingseeds,for
example,bydonatingtochildrenofimpoverishedfamiliesortohomelesspeoplebecausetheywillradiate
an energy of altruism, magnanimity and compassion. Should they be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessingswillbebestoweduponthem.
This is also a time when your child feels a stronger sense of responsibility. Their life will mostly revolve
aroundbeingofservicetoothers,whichisalsothelessontheymustlearn.Therefore,evenwhentheyare
still young, you must be a role model for them on how to be attentive, caring and helpful to people.
Developing these qualities in their everyday life will help them successfully complete their Pinnacle 6.
Their family will serve as a solid foundation for their development, a safe haven where they can always
findshelter,andalsothelaunchingpadfortheircareer.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 9
(age 51 - age 60)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
YourchildisextremelyfortunatetohavethePinnacleNumber9intheirlifejourney,becausethisnumber
representstheconvergenceoftheothernumbers’mostwonderfulqualities:fame,wealthandhumanistic
values.
This is also a period when they will have the ability to expand their business abroad and establish great
international friendships. To be able to seize these opportunities, they must focus on learning new
languagesanddeveloping internationalcommunicationanddiplomaticskills.
Becomingaguide who delivers humanisticvaluesto the world will be awonderful missionthatyour child
needstofulfillduringaPinnacleNumber9.Theyshouldalsoactivelyengageinphilanthropic workorjoin
communities that create noble values. Encourage them to have a strong sense of responsibility and take
onleadershiprolesintheseactivitiesbecausetheywillcertainlyexcelintheirrole.
This is also the time for your child to figure out what actually makes them happy and then focus on it. If
they find satisfaction in creative self-expression, or wish to focus on their family or relationships, they
shouldinvestmoretimeinto theseareas.Thisisaveryspecialperiod,andiftheymanagetosetpriorities
appropriately, theywillbeabletorememberitwithabsolutefondnessinthefuture.
95
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 5
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is associated with issues that are related to flexibility, adaptability and
breakthroughs. Your child will needto make back-to-back changes, make risky choices,and break outof
theircomfortzonetoseizethenewopportunities thatcomeintotheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is also a reminder that your child must learn to appreciate what they have, have
better self-control and avoid wasting so much time on fleeting pleasures or emotions that they neglect
theirgoals.
At work, your child needs to be more determined and find unique ways to express themselves. They
should freshen themselves up, change the way they work or manage, and be more flexible and creative
whenitcomestoimplementation.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Bounlatay Liam
03/01/2015
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 7
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child needs to focus on expanding their expert knowledge and maintaining a multidimensional
perspective on every matter. They must also set aside their skepticism towards everything to be able to
considerviewpointsdifferentfromtheirownandopenuptoothersmore.
To overcome this challenge, your child needs to maintain positive energy and avoid having personal
views that are results of prejudices or projection. They must maintain inner balance and be more in
touch with themselves to develop their intuition. They should not be unduly skeptical of every single
thingand,instead,trytobemorepositiveandopen-minded.
106
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43