Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos
22/07/1990Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19900722OB2V5P
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
01 02 03
3 1 6
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
3 7 4
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
8 1 9
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,3
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
1 7 1
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,5,7,8
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
3,3,0,6
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
01. Life Path Number - 3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Individuals with theability touselanguage tomotivateand inspire.
Individuals with LifePath number 3tendto have excellent communication skills and exhibit great
creativity in everything they do. The majority of your achievements in life will stem from the
unique ways you express these qualities. You do not just understand people; you have a way of
gettingacrosstothemandgettingthemtounderstandeachotherbetter.
Number 3’s invariably possess a keen eye for the arts even when they are not professionals in
these fields. Having Life Path number 3 means that you often have to express your talents
through writing, speaking, andperforming asmusicians, dancers, actors, presenters or any other
means of inspiring people. As number 3’s, you will spend your entire life learning how to
communicateandbethevoice offreedomandself-expression.
Presenter
Energyof Number 3
Number 3 represents triad, trinity and three-dimensional entities. In a broader sense, number 3
symbolizes growth and multiplication. Number 3’s components include light, love and life. The
first among the creative numbers, number 3 is extremely independent and constantly yearns for
freedom.
Characteristics
Possessing great communication skills, an outgoing personality and the ability to entertain, it is
easy for you to make many friends. Anywhere they go, number 3’s carry a radiant loving energy
that attracts those around them. Others are captivated by your enthusiasm, optimism and sense
ofhumor.
19Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
01. Life Path Number - 3
Career
Number 3’s are a great fit for occupations where they can inspire, share information with, and
bringpositive energytothosearoundthem.
Ideal career paths for those with Life Path number 3 include artist, dancer, actor, musician,
performerandbeautician.
You can also thrive in occupations that involve sharing information such as teacher, speaker,
trainer, sales representative; and those that involve creativity such as actor, singer, presenter,
andsoon.
Tonumber3’s,higher educationis very importantas it allows themtobecomemoreconfident.
Center of attention
Adept at entertaining and storytelling, individuals with Life Path number 3 stand out among
crowds andradiate an air of optimism. You appreciate beautyand innovation. Your ultimate goal
in life is toshareyour naturaltalentswith theworld.
You live fortheexperience andare not very concernedwiththefuture.This mayleadtofinancial
troubles, but will not cause you too much stress and pressure. You treasure everything that
comes to you and focus on human connections rather than material possessions. Most number
3’s aresociable people who have anoutgoingand charismaticstyle ofcommunication.
20Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
01. Life Path Number - 3
Being tightly controlled by superiors or doing boring, repetitive work makes you feel stifled. You
mustbecarefulnottobe trappedin away oflife thatis superficial,frivolous andwithout purpose.
Challenging environments are required for number 3’s to demonstrate their talents. You yearn for
opportunitiestoshine and bethecenterofattention.
Adept at coming up with ideas
Strengths
You are able to express yourself in multiple ways and communicate effectively. You have a rich
imagination, a mind filled with inspirations, great artistic talents, as well as an optimistic and
cheerfuldisposition.
Number 3’s are fast learners who are extremely intelligent and quick-thinking. Highly creative,
enterprising and reliable, you can adapt easily, are eager to learn, and enjoy exploring life. You
frequently ask questions and have a passion for knowledge, and therefore are often perceived
by others as a smart and talented person. Number 3’s also make great detectives, who usually
see through any lies. You have the ability to leave no stone unturned in the pursuit of the truth
ortherootofthematter.
21Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
01. Life Path Number - 3
Weaknesses
Number 3’s weaknesses include a lack of focus and direction, the habit of leaving things
unfinished,volatile emotionsandselfishness.
In order to maintain a joyful and meaningful life, number 3’s are advised to stay focused. They
need to pursuethefield they have chosen with undivided attention and avoid being distracted by
frivolous endeavors. You should never take on multiple tasks at once; otherwise, all you can do
is tostartprojectswithout theability toactually finish them.
You should choose a career path where you can utilize your intellect and creativity; otherwise, it
would be easy for you to lose motivation. If there is one thing that can make number 3’s fail, it is
usually thedesireforinstantgratificationsandalack ofdiscipline.
Inspirational presenter
Furthermore, number 3’s should be careful not to be perceived as too chatty. In some cases,
number 3’s can come across as arrogant and overbearing. Intelligent and quick-witted, you may
be impatient towards those below your standards and unduly critical of them for it. Focusing on
others’ negative aspects can cause number 3’s troubles in relationships, as it is easy for the
otherpersontofeelstressedoutbythem.
Additionally, number 3’s must learn not to make empty promises, and to only make
commitmentsthey canfulfill. Once number 3’s have conqueredtheseshortcomings andare able
touselanguagetoinspire, nothingcanstandin theirway towards success!
22Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
01. Life Path Number - 3
Under number 3’s positive energy, you are an inextinguishable flame. You are adept at
communication and full of creativity. You understand people and are able to not only get across
to them, but also help them understand each other better. You have a desire to let your
communicationskills and artistictalentsshine.
• Charismatic • Creativity and ability to inspire
• Flexibility in using language • Ability to motivate
• High level of energy • Affinity for group activities
• Enthusiasm • Artistic talents
• Sense of humor • A mind full of ideas
• Intelligence • Great communication skills
• Ability to observe
• Ability to influence others with language
and energy
Learning how to use language and bring positive energy
to others.
23Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
02. Balance Number - 1
The Balance Number indicates
how someone faces the
difficulties and challenges that
cometheirwayinlife.
Individuals with Balance Number 1 are self-reliant. You are always willing to give others
a helping hand and readily volunteer to solve their problems. You are able to give
people sound advice, but often feel scared and lonely in the face of your own troubles.
People with Balance Number 1 always want to handle their own problems, and
sometimes try to present themselves as a strong person. They dislike when others feel
bad for them and therefore can be quite stubborn. They are very egotistical, so it is
easy for them to be mistakenly perceived by others as arrogant. When entrusted with a
task, they will strive to complete it to the best of their abilities.
24Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
03. Destiny Number - 6
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to build a safe harbor for the people of the world.
The love you have for others is boundless, so your destiny is to spread it to your
community. You have the responsibility to build not only your own home, but also a
shelter for those less fortunate. They need you and yearn for the humanistic values that
you bring. Take audacious actions and do as much as you can to contribute to society.
You came to this world to help everything flourish and bring people together through
love and compassion.
As long as you are always willing to give and do everything with passion, you will be
rewarded with wonderful things, not in the form of material possessions but in the form
of “loving hearts.”
25Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 3
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
Having Life Path – Destiny Connection number 3 means you need to learn how to
make friends and interact with people, as well as how to relax. You can sometimes be
unnecessarily high-strung and anxious. Try to express yourself through much-needed
recreational and relaxing activities. You must dedicate enough time for yourself and
enjoy life more by doing things like learning how to dance or play music.
26Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
05. Soul Urge Number - 7
TheSoul UrgeNumberrevealsthe
reason behind what you do and
how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you
make and the way you react to
everything and everyone around
you.
This is a very important number
as it can help you make sense of
every desire and dissatisfaction
you have, as well as give you the
directiontowardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 7 make decisions after careful deliberation based on
facts and statistics. You tend to avoid taking reckless risks without assessing potential
consequences. They constantly want to learn more. Your overall goal in life is to gain as
much knowledge as you can.
Rather than making assumptions, people with Soul Urge Number 7 only believe in
things that are based on facts and scientific evidence, which makes it hard for you to
believe in what people say, especially those you don’t know. You prefer getting to know
someone as much as possible before opening up to and placing your trust in them.
Those around you tend to be trusting of you as you are mindful and candid. Therefore,
your opinions are often held in higher regard than others’.
You sometimes enjoy being alone in privacy, or spending time in nature, for example in
the ocean or on mountains.
27Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
06. Birthday Number - 4
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural talents are,
and what gifts the Universe has blessed your personality with
onthedayyouwereborn.
Thisnumberalsorevealsthekindofpersonyouwantothersto
perceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find out which
environment can enable you to fully harness your wonderful
qualities.
The Birthday Number 4 is associated with those who have a solid foundation and strong
supportive capabilities – this is the reason why it’s one of the most important numbers. People
withBirthday Number4willsticktotheir principlesuntilthevery end.
People with this Birthday Number tend to be more practical than most, and have the ability to
achievegreatsuccessinlife.
People with Birthday Number 4 have a tremendous intellectual potential and mental capacity
that can help them persevere through any hardships. Your emotions rarely affect you, and every
move you make is guided by a baseline logical reasoning, which is, in turn, guided by the
thoughtsthat arisefrom yourintuition.
You dislike wasting time on things that are not included in your plan. You strive to maintain the
bond and respect you have for those you want to work with. Moreover, you have a serious
attitude and try to instill it in those around you. Therefore, you have the tendency to be preachy
and sanctimonioustowardsyourfamilyand friends.
People with Birthday Number 4 are very reliable. You have irresistible charms despite appearing
aloof. People with this Birthday Number rarely make romantic gestures. In a relationship, the only
things that’s important to you are sincerity and honesty, which you highly value. You consider
marriage to be a major life goal and will navigate towards it when your emotions are fierce and
trustfulenough.
Number 4 is associated with the most stable personalities. However, in some cases, you may
project a completely different image to the world. Many people with Birthday Number 4 are
natural leaders who tend to incorporate other people’s help and input into the way they lead.
Achieving consensus is your method of operation. This leadership style earns you the support of
many.
28Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
07. Personality Number - 8
The personality number reveals
what kind of impression you
make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or
characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are frank, enthusiastic, assertive and
perceptive.
If a stranger asks them for help, people with Personality Number 8 usually try to get to
know the person before deciding whether to help them or not. To you, it's important to
build trust with someone before getting involved with them. You act in such a forceful
manner that you do not even realize the power you have. This inner power will be
extremely beneficial when wielded in the right way.
Entrepreneurs with Personality Number 8 can negotiate fair deals for themselves better
than anybody else could. As for your personal life, you are very strong and supportive of
your loved ones. Despite having no problem with being generous, you can tell if you are
being taken advantage of because you are highly perceptive and constantly on the
lookout for anyone trying to con you.
People want to work with you because you have all the abilities of a brilliant leader.
29Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 1
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You deal with everything in a straightforward and unambiguous manner. Your leadership
skills must be improved if you want to reach your full career potential. You also need to
work hard and constantly come up with new approaches in order to succeed. Learn how
to open your heart and communicate effectively. Try to speak in uncomplicated terms so
people have no difficulty understanding what you mean.
30Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
09. Maturity Number - 9
The Maturity Number tells you what you
should do and what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the best of your
abilities duringthemost productive period of
yourlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
In this period, the work you do must be
educational and help people become
enlightened.
You will be drawn towards careers that
deliver humanistic values to the world. You
should find an occupation that enables you
to spread the message about noble values,
as well as to bring inspiration and positive
energy to others.
31Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
32Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
The absence of this number means a lack of communication skills and positive energy.
The lesson you must learn from the absence of Number 3 is to avoid letting your
emotions dominate your rational thinking. You must learn how to manage your
emotions if you are to achieve success.
To maintain inner balance, you need to establish for yourself a set of rules and
viewpoints that are supported by sound reasoning, which will help you become more
independent and avoid reacting in a way that is influenced by your feelings.
Managing your emotions effectively can bring balance to your inner world and help you
make wise decisions.
33Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
11. Rational Thought Number - 1
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
wayyouact instressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
You highly value uniqueness and logical thinking. You tend to come up with many
options or ideas and then, after careful deliberation, choose the most innovative ones.
Such an approach ensures that you make correct and far-sighted decisions that
contribute to your status as a powerful and ambitious person. Such a type of thinking
requires solid reasoning and confidence in oneself. You are a fan of a step-by-step
strategy that doesn't involve feelings or instincts. Your experience shows that emotions
are the worst companions when meditating on important thoughts. Independent
judgment and detailed reasoning always lead you to the best possible outcome.
34Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
35Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
36Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2023)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
37Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
38Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2025)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
39Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2026)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
40Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
41Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
15. Personal Month
Number – 6 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
42Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
43Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
44Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 9
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
45Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
15. Personal Month Number – 1
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
46Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 0 - age 33)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
47Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 33 - age 42)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
48Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 42 - age 51)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
49Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 51 - age 60)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
50Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
51Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
52Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
53Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
54Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
55Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
56Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
57Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
58Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
59Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
60Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
61Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
62Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
63Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
64Full name: Jose Adonai Miranda Mazariegos Date of birth: 22/07/1990
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
65