Phạm Kim Thăng
20/08/1966Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Phạm Kim Thăng,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19660820MA0A5F
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
01 02 03
5 2 4
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
1 11 2
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
11 0 9
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
3,6
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
7 7 1,2,4,7,8
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
8,9,1,2,3 5,6,7,8, 1,6,7,3
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that m9ay happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
6,2,4,4
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
01. Life Path Number - 5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 5 is associated with the ultimate freedom,
as well as tremendous creativity and passion.
Discovering the unknown, both in reality and in
theirown minds,is number5’s strength.
You are oriented towards career paths that
involve constantly seeking changes and new
horizons.
Number 5’s believe everyone has the right to
freedomand constantlypursuethis ideal.
•
Extremely free-spirited
Energyof Number5
Number 5 lies at the center of the map and
therefore is associated with being multi-talented
and adaptable, and has the ability to bring other
numberstogether.
The symbol of number 5 is a pentagram that
constantly shines brightly and attracts the
attentionofthosearoundit.
Number 5 represents an extremely strong source
of energy. As a result, individuals with Life Path
number 5 usually find success from innovation
andcreativity. Creativity
19Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
01. Life Path Number - 5
Career
You should never settle for an occupation that
involves sitting still all day and doing the same
thing over and over. Doing boring administrative
work would truly spell a disaster for you. In such a
situation, you would no longer be an energetic
and passionate person, and instead become
jadedandcynical.
At work, you are daring, adaptable and assertive.
You need to be on a career path that constantly
taps into your creativity. The brightest minds
among number 5’s are capable of creating
wonderfully creative and imaginative bodies of
work. If you have readthe Harry Potter series, it is
very likely that you found yourself immersed in its
Challenge winner
magical world, which would be perfectly
understandable as J. K. Rowling is on the Life
Path 5herself.
Suitable career paths for number 5’s include those that allow freedom such as writer, reporter,
translator, editor, photojournalist, news anchor, tour guide; and those that involve creativity such
assales,marketing,advertising,andsoon.
Your adaptability, adventurous spirit, and abstract thinking ability will be of great benefit to you.
When life presents you with questions and mysteries, your curiosity drives you to find the
answers faster than anyone else. Do not fret; you are patient and resilient enough to crack the
codesanduncover treasure.
Other important keywords for number 5’s include adaptability and freedom. You are deeply
averse to stagnation and monotony. You are a tireless explorer who is captivated by new ideas
andforeigncultures.Courageis theonequality thatothersareenvious ofyou .
You have the ability to ignite passions within other people and push them towards greatness, as
number 5 is constantlyfull of energy andpassion.Sales maybeaperfect career pathfor you, as
your wit and amiable disposition enable you to bring motivation and joy to others. You are also
adept at selling ideas and concepts thanks to your ability to easily instill thoughts in people's
minds.
You possess charms that are able to captivate others. When you are in a good mood and full of
energy, you will naturally become the center of any crowds. Connecting people is your area of
expertise, which you can perform through any medium, including articles, books, videos, TV,
and so on. You are adept at using communication channels to connect people, gather
information and spread messages. Number 5’s are frequently team leaders who are excellent at
bringingpeople together,which enables themtobecomeexcellent salespeople.
20Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
01. Life Path Number - 5
Strengths
You are able to put forward ambitious plans and
innovative ideas full of imagination. You are
open-minded, adaptable and like constant
changes. Action-oriented, inquisitive and
resourceful, you have the ability to devise
multiple effectivesolutions toaproblem.
Number 5’s are compassionate people who
easily sympathize with those in need. Deep
within them lies a strong motivation to help
othersescapepovertyandsuffering.
Captivativeattraction
Weaknesses
You should develop a mechanism that prevents
you from becoming bored and frustrated when
facing an obstacle. Additionally, be careful not to
become confused from possessing too many
ideas, talents,and abilities.
Another weakness that you need to look out for is
an excessive desire for freedom. You may find
yourself repeatedly moving or traveling in order to
find inspiration. You can also be frequently
switching jobs or changing your mind as the
grass is always greener on the other side to you.
Furthermore, you need to keep your emotions
under control and avoid mood swings from
Center of numbers
extreme highs to extreme lows. Many number 5’s
struggle in their career or love life duetothe need
forconstantchanges.
21Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
01. Life Path Number - 5
Wordsof advice
Once number 5’s have understood their inquisitive
nature and desire to conquer new frontiers, they
need to establish self-discipline. The higher the
degree of discipline and ethics they are able to
maintainforthemselves, theclosertheygettowards
success. You must stay determined in the pursuit of
your goals no matter how many hardships and
obstaclescomeyour way.
You should not be so adventurous as to disregard
the feelings of those around you. Do not let yourself
be dominated by your own ambitions. Number 5’s
need enough personal space to spread their wings,
but should always keep in mind the responsibilities
thatanadult is supposedtotake.
Prominent businessman You should seize every opportunity to shine
anytime and anywhere you can, as you were born
with the ability to radiate a strong field of energy
aroundyou. Takeadvantageofthiswonderfulgift.
You have great potential to become successful as long as you are determined to utilize your
creative talents to be of service to humanity. Should number 5’s be able to fully apply
themselvesandforgotrivial pleasures,itis certainthattheywill maketheirmark!
• Free-spirited and creative • Intelligent • Charming and able to
bring people together
• Adaptable • Able to seize
opportunities • Always ahead of the
• High level of energy
curve
• Graceful manners
• Desire to conquer the world
• Rich imagination
• Positive and cheerful
• Willing to take risks
• Open-minded and
• Excellent at selling products
liberal
and services
• Compassionate
• Resourceful and adept at
problem-solving
Learning how to stay determined and have self-discipline
22Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
02. Balance Number - 2
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 2 always want to solve problems in a peaceful manner.
Facing conflicts, they will step back and sacrifice.
When presenting with different choices, they should utilize their sharp intuition to
choose the right one. Their gut feelings and the decisions they make intuitively are
usually the correct one.
23Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
03. Destiny Number - 4
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on when
youcometothisworld,andwhatyoumust
dotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny,
you will find satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values for society
andyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to become an expert in a certain field.
You instinctively feel the need to dig deeper and study the wonderful knowledge that the
world has to offer. You must constantly learn and improve yourself; only then can there
be breakthroughs in your life.
Coming to this world, you carry the responsibility to become a “teacher” and therefore
must constantly make improvements to become the best version of yourself in the field
you wish to master.
As long as you have enough determination to fulfill your missions, society will reward you
with the appropriate accolades.
24Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 1
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must become stronger and have more confidence in your abilities. Learn how to
be proactive, self-reliant and decisive. Use your intuition to make decisions and avoid
being dependent on the opinions of others. Do not concern yourself too much with
people’s expectations; instead, be proactive and assertive in the pursuit of your dreams
and ambitions.
25Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
05. Soul Urge Number - 11
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 11
are natural mediators. You
constantly have the urge to settle
conflicts and create harmony. You
display profound knowledge about
life even from a young age,
although those around you are
generally not aware of this.
You have healing abilities and a
big vision. You have an unending
desire to make the world a better
place and devote yourself to a
higher purpose. Highly intellectual,
you like to contemplate abstract
ideas and concepts, and matters
of the spiritual realm.
26Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
06. Birthday Number - 2
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural talents are, and what gifts the Universe has
blessedyourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want others to perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find out which environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
The Birthday Number 2 represents tenderness
and romanticism. People with this birthday
number have the ability to bring people
together. They are empathetic and know how to
listen. Your power comes from your soul, and
you tend to seek contentment that is spiritual
rather than physical in nature in every aspect of
life.
You like to daydream and spend time in your
imaginary world, which can sometimes be too
far removedfromreality.
At their core, people withBirthday Number 2are
soft-hearted and forgive easily. You also dislike
usingforce or power tosucceedinlife.
You tend to look for spiritual compatibility in a life partner. To you, love originates from the soul,
so a relationship will not progress to a physical level when there is no connection from soul to
soul. Therefore, how passionate you are in a relationship mainly depends on how you feel. To
you,physicalpleasure alwaysranksbelowspiritualharmony.
People with Birthday Number 2 are dreamers. Intellectual and imaginative, you sometimes have
an unrealistic way of thinking. Despite having great potential to be creative and invent new things,
people withthisBirthday Numbermustlearnhowtoturntheir thoughtsand plansintoactions.
You need to learn how to be in control of both your mind and your body in order to become
stronger. Doing so will help you move forward and take action. Once you are committed to your
goal,nodifficultycanstand inyour wayonthe journeytowardsrealizingyour dreams.
Possessing great mental capacity, you must strive to develop your logical thinking skills.
Additionally, people with Birthday Number 2 always want to find the answers to all of their
questions and get to the bottom of everything. Should you be able to accomplish this, you will
truly be unstoppable.
27Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
07. Personality Number - 11
The personality number reveals what kind
of impression you make on others when
they first meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or characteristics
thatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
For others, you are sensitive but very patient and a wonderful listener.
With active listening skill, you make others feel that their stories and sharings are
respected and that they are loved and understood. Therefore, they will regard you as a
safe place for sharing problems and secrets.
A person with Personality No. 11 has a special charm and can be considered as an
"inspirational" person.
28Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
08. Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number - 0
We always have certain views regarding ourselves
and those around us. The Soul Urge – Personality
Connection Number serves as a bridge between
your self-image and how others perceive you. This
number gives you advice on how to adjust the way
youaresothatpeopledonotmisunderstand you.
You are constantly full of energy and passion for
the things you do. You are held in high regard
by others for the advice and help that you can
give.
You tend to be considered a role model for
others because of how kind and respectable
you are. Even though some people are envious
of you, they cannot help but respect you
because everything you have was achieved
through hard work and honesty.
You are a simple and sincere person. Do not
overload yourself with responsibilities. Your
efficiency will vastly improve if you stay focused
on one specific thing.
29Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
09. Maturity Number - 9
The Maturity Number tells you what you
should do and what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the best of your
abilities duringthemost productive period of
yourlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
In this period, the work you do must be
educational and help people become
enlightened.
You will be drawn towards careers that
deliver humanistic values to the world. You
should find an occupation that enables you
to spread the message about noble values,
as well as to bring inspiration and positive
energy to others.
30Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
The absence of this number means a lack of communication skills and positive energy.
The lesson you must learn from the absence of Number 3 is to avoid letting your
emotions dominate your rational thinking. You must learn how to manage your
emotions if you are to achieve success.
To maintain inner balance, you need to establish for yourself a set of rules and
viewpoints that are supported by sound reasoning, which will help you become more
independent and avoid reacting in a way that is influenced by your feelings.
Managing your emotions effectively can bring balance to your inner world and help you
make wise decisions.
31Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
32Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
11. Rational Thought Number - 7
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
way youact in stressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
You are a well-developed person who always thinks big. You often find yourself lost in
thought; what seemed to have started from just a tiny detail, usually leads you to a
completely different topic. You always try to be objective regardless of the information
you receive or where it comes from. You are very thorough and always gather
information from different sources, and you shape your opinion only after you've taken
all of it into consideration.
Whenever you are in a difficult situation, you try to put yourself in the other person’s
position to understand the factors influencing their decisions or actions. This is referred
to as the critical type of thinking.
33Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
34Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
35Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
13. Hidden Passion Number - 2
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
Everybody wants to talk to you because
they are magnetized by the harmonious
and friendly aura you radiate. You are a
person who can understand anyone; you
are very talented in the most complicated
subject there is - human nature. You can
persuade people, change their opinions,
and manipulate the way they feel, but will
never take advantage of them. You
respect others and demand to be given
the same treatment.
You have what it takes to become a
successful counselor because of how
passionate you are about the human soul
and relationships. You have a special
type of analytical mind that is “configured”
to catch the slightest changes in others'
moods or souls. This is a very valuable
talent and takes a lot of observation and
practice to develop.
36Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
13. Hidden Passion Number - 4
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what
we are truly passionate about, and reveals
what we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
People like you are hard to come by these days; you are a fan of hobbies that require
diligence and patience. It’s easy for you to find inspiration because, due to the way you
perceive the world, you tend to see more meaning in everything than they display on the
surface, which you find fascinating.
You are punctual, practical, and know the value of hardwork and dedication. However,
you are not a simple person because you possess advanced analytical skills and will
never let anyone fool or take advantage of you. Your curiosity helps you achieve good
results in everything you practice, so you have a wide range of passions.
37Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
13. Hidden Passion Number - 7
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers
what we are truly passionate about,
and reveals what we must do to
prove ourselves and make our souls
feelcontent.
You are a person who can see the essence of everything. You will never do something
just because everybody does it or because it is trendy; you have your own interests, and
only believe in things that really matter. You try to perfect yourself in the few areas that
you have selected. You don't bother yourself with what other people think - you have
your own values. You are always willing to spend an evening on your own because you
know how to keep yourself company.
However, you are always ready to share the information you have and to help others. If
you are interested in something, the word "lazy" is erased from your vocabulary and you
can dedicate all of your time and resources to that interest. The stories you tell are
captivating, and you are a deep-thinker who becomes inspired easily and can also
inspire others.
38Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
13. Hidden Passion Number - 8
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, andreveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
You should work hard and apply yourself fully in order for wealth and power to naturally
come to you. You need to learn how to be more compassionate and sympathetic.
39Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
40Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2024)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
41Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
42Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2026)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
43Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2027)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
44Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
15. Personal Month Number – 5 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
45Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
15. Personal Month
Number – 6 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
46Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
47Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
15. Personal Month Number – 8
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
48Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
15. Personal Month Number – 9
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
49Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 0 - age 31)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
50Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 31 - age 40)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
51Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 40 - age 49)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
52Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 49 - age 58)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
53Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
54Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
55Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
56Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
57Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
58Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
59Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
60Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
61Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
62Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
63Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
64Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
65Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
66Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
67Full name: Phạm Kim Thăng Date of birth: 20/08/1966
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
68