Gorman John David
08/01/1971Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Gorman John David,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19710108RU9G8C
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01 02 03
9 3 11
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
7 5 8
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
6 1 2
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,3
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
3 7 4
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
7,8,9,1,2 4,5,6,7, 9,8,8,1
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that m8ay happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
7,1,6,8
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out
the opportunities, challenges and lessonsthat you need to experiencein thislife. It also
indicateswhich direction your journeyof self-improvement shouldtake for you to attain
happiness.
People with Life Path number 9 are compassionate,
generous toward others, and can be dramatic when it
comestoemotions.
Every aspect of your life and being is influenced by
your strong humanitarian side. You have no shortageof
compassion and strive to make a difference in people's
lives.
You always have a strong sense of honor and can be
trusted with anything. You have virtually no prejudices
against anyone in your life. You are a person of
absolute integrity who never makes a biased judgment.
You arenotcontrolledbyyour emotions.
Your life purpose is to be of service to others. To be
capable of loving people without expectations and
judgment, you must go through many challenges and
difficultiesyourself.
Illuminating lighthouse
Number9is thelast numberoffinalization.
Energy of Number 9
Number 9 marks the point at which the numerical
series fully lights up. Its vibration is eternally
associated with the convergence of the numbers’
Unconditional giving finestqualities.
19Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Secretknowledge
Number 9’s are highly intuitive when it comes to
people. Number 9 is often associated with knowledge
andhumanity.
Career
Suitable career paths for individuals with Life Path
number 9 include those that allow them to be of
service or bring people together, such as altruistic or
philanthropic work, social welfare, public service,
ministry, doctor, nurse, veterinarian, any other helping
professional, musician, artist, educator, ambassador,
or any other occupations that involve long-distance
communication. They have the potential to be good
interpreters and intermediaries thanks to their ability to
understandotherpeople’s emotions.
Education changer
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate.
Sense ofResponsibility
You always try to help the people you encounter in
life who are less fortunate. While you cannot
possibly right every wrong in the world on your own,
your immense compassion will influence you to find
ways to help. Number 9’s elevated position in
relation to other single-digit numbers means that a
personal sense of responsibility to others has a
higherplacementonyour chart.
It’s easy for you to earn people’s respect and
devotion. They can always turn to you for guidance
and assistance when in need; if you can, help them
Humanitarianism tothebestofyour abilities.
20Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
You are altruistic, imaginative and always eager to
participatein philanthropic, literaryorartisticwork.
While some people with Life Path number 9 succeed in
taking advantage of their material blessings, you are not
particularly interested in the pursuit of money, wealth or
power. Should you achieve financial success, you will use
it tohelp others.
In extreme cases, many people with Life Path number 9
even give up all of their material possessions in service of
the betterment of humanity. They may donate large
amounts of money to organizations that conduct
humanitarian or aid work. Their material generosity is
directly connectedtoagenerosityofselfandspirit.
Immense love
Strengths
Number 9’s are genuinely friendly, charming, altruistic and
imaginative people who have developed humanitarian
instincts, like to give - rather than take, and readily
participatein philanthropic, literaryandartisticworks.
You are a very warm and lovable person who possesses
unique charms and a wonderful personality, which enables
you to connect with anyone. Number 9’s tend to be kind-
hearted, unconditionally loving, and very patient and
understanding towards others. If you have Life Path
number 9, you are a compassionate humanitarian who is
able to spread the energy of love to people. You are also
Gratitude and Loyalty idealistic and strong-willed. You were born with a natural
ability to counsel and heal by delivering the values of love.
Your greatest goal is to elevate people’s consciousness of
humanistic values.
21Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Strengths(continued)
There’s no limit to your imagination, and you like to give
rather than take. As a number 9, you have a captivating
personality, which enables you to fulfill your greatest
desires. Number 9’s have the ability to attain admirable
accomplishments and produce invaluable results or
products.
You lead people by setting examples; others model
themselves after you whether you are aware of this or
not. Your appeals come from how much people love you,
therefore, you should be conscious of your actions,
which serve as blueprints to others. You must be able to
doasyou say.
Your ideals will inspire others. Learning from you helps
themrecognizetheirown potential.
Generosity
Leaders with Life Path number 9 are also very
demanding of themselves and expect their own
performances to be in top shape. You have the ability to
elevate even the simplest and most ordinary things,
turning them into something meaningful and
extraordinary.
Number 9’s have keen eyes, are intelligent and quick-
witted, and can grasp the essence of a problem once
they have access to the bigger picture. You are an
enthusiastic and energetic person who lives their life to
thefullest.People feelwarm when theyarearoundyou.
Weaknesses
Exemplary leader Many number 9’s struggle with being selfless and giving
generously to others, and some even resist this natural
inclination, because they have yet to understand that
giving in to these tendencies of generosity can be
extremelyrewarding.
22Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Weaknesses(continued)
If you have Life Path number 9, remember that it’s
not your obligation to help everyone; simply do the
best within your abilities and do not succumb to
guilt when you are unable to help. Furthermore,
you need to recognize when you can help in order
not to spread yourself too thin and to make a real
impactonothers'lives.
Number 9’s should be cautious about being too
impatient with those who are slow or keep thinking
and acting erroneously. If number 9’s are afflicted
with negative memories, it’s not easy for you to let
them go, which may cause you to lose your
passion for life and become emotionally
withdrawn. Take care not to become arrogant or
dishonest. Without appropriate guidance, you may
close off your mind, let your abilities go to waste
andlive alifewithout purpose.
Be careful not to fixate on your own and others’
shortcomings, which can cause you to become
controlling towards them. Instead of constantly
wanting to be in charge, you should shift your
focus towards creating love, beauty and
excellence. Your role in life is to bring a poetic
beautyandthemusicofhappiness totheworld.
When you are able to focus on positive things,
your negative emotions will disappear. Should you
be in a state of negative energy, you may become
stubborn, irritable and constantly in conflict with
others. Nevertheless, despite being quick-
tempered, you forget and forgive just as quickly.
Be careful; sometimes, being too high-strung can
lead to conflicts. Deep within you lies a certain
degree of fear and insecurity. Therefore, you need
to eliminate this fear and believe that you will be
cherished,understoodandloved.
Quintessence of numbers
23Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
01. Life Path Number - 9
Possessing number 9’s energy, you were born to help others. You are compassionate and
always trytomakeadifferencein people’s lives.
• Eager to help • Considerate
• Adept at communication • Skilled in communicating with
people
• Able to earn trust easily
• Drawn towards humanistic and
• Forgiving and tolerant
educational careers
• Warm
• Has a broad perspective
• Intelligent
• Interested in the larger issues of
• Mature society
• Responsible • Concerned with changing the
perception of family members
• Intuitive
• Enjoys sharing
• Perfectionist with high standards
• Leadership spirit
Becoming a leader or someone who spreads humanistic values
to the world
24Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
02. Balance Number - 3
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 3 maintain an optimistic attitude in the face of life’s
challenges. They bring a wellspring of positive energy and ideas to the world.
Additionally, they enjoy sharing their knowledge and giving people advice.
25Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
03. Destiny Number - 11
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take
on when you come to this
world, and what you must do
tobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill
this destiny, you will find
satisfaction and happiness,
andcreateincrediblevaluesfor
societyandyourcommunity.
DESTINY OF LEADERSHIP AND CONNECTION
Always keep in mind that you have two number 1s, which represent leadership and
self-assuredness, but also have a number 2, which represents harmony and love.
Number 11 is a very unique Destiny Number as you must learn both the lesson of
leadership and the lesson of connecting with people.
You were born to lead others and transform people into leaders themselves. Many will
come to you for guidance. You must position yourself as clearly as possible so that at
the mention of your name, the image of a leader will be invoked in people.
People with Destiny Number 11 are also tasked with bringing people together. You
must create a community where everyone is loved, listened to and understood.
26Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 7
This number tells you what you
must do to learn your life lesson
andfulfillyourdestiny.
You have an analytical mind and a profound way of looking at life. Don’t be bothered if
people say you are strange, since everyone has a different comfort zone.
Do whatever you like, surround yourself with people you trust, and stay away from
those you don’t want to be around. Nurture your mind and try to access new
technologies.
You should choose career paths that involve helping others hone their intellect and
improve themselves.
27Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
05. Soul Urge Number - 5
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind what you do and how you do it. It can explain
the root cause of the decisions you make and the way you react to everything and everyone
aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfactionyou have,aswellasgiveyou thedirectiontowardssuccess.
These desires can sometimes be so
concealed within our subconscious that we
have no awareness of them. Every action
and choice we make in life are influenced
by these desires , whether we realize it or
not. The Soul Urge Number’s significance
lies in the fact that it represents the above-
mentioned desires.
To calculate your Soul Urge Number, pick
out the vowels in your name and use the
Numerology chart.
This is such an important number because
it helps you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfaction you have, as well as give you
the direction towards success.
People with Soul Urge Number 5 must constantly be on the go and moving from place
to place to gain new experiences. These experiences help you develop new ideas,
which brings you happiness. Every time you come up with a new idea, you become
happy and excited because it gives them a new goal to aim for. Such ideas keep you
motivated to continue their journey and learn new things that are previously unknown.
The only challenge for people with Soul Urge Number 5 is to complete the goals they set
for themselves. Since you are constantly on the go, you become bored if it takes too
much time to reach a certain goal. However, this can also inspire them to come up with
new ideas and approach the goal from a different angle. So, it all works out in the end.
28Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
06. Birthday Number - 8
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number,
you will find out which environment
can enable you to fully harness your
wonderfulqualities.
According tothemajorityof Numerology documents, peoplewithBirthday Number 8tend tobe
skilled in business and financial management. However, their true potential is far greater than
just that. This is evidenced by the long list of celebrities who have this Birthday Number. Many
musiciansand actorswere born withBirthday Number8.
People with Birthday Number 8, no matter which month they were born in, are highly ambitious
and energetic, and have the potential to do great things. You are able to express your
intelligenceand emotions,thereby helpingyouachieveleadershipposition.
It’s hard work to maintain an amicable relationship with people who have Birthday Number 8.
Your life partner must understand and respect who you are as a person. You require absolute
freedom, as independence is one of the most important things to you. In romantic relationships,
you are willing to do anything for your significant other. Therefore, you should choose your life
partner very carefully.
People with Birthday Number 8 tend to have an intense personality. You can be deeply in love
with someone, but are often misunderstood because loving you is not easy. You sometimes
appearstoic despitebeing heavilyemotionalonthe inside,and dislikeexpressing yourfeelings.
You should direct all your focus on a specific goal and avoid being controlled by your emotions.
Once you have learned how to “go with the flow” and accept what happens to you instead of
resisting them, you will become happier and reach your goals more quickly. You are intelligent,
mentallyand spirituallystrong,artisticallytalented,and quite sentimental.
29Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
07. Personality Number - 6
The personality number reveals what kind of
impression you make on others when they
first meet you. In other words, it describes
the energy or characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are warm, gentle, reliable and
compassionate.
Individuals with Personality Number 6 try to help solve other people's problems
whenever they can. This makes strangers feel compelled to approach you and ask you
for assistance. You are able to comfort those who are in distress and show sympathy for
whatever problems they are facing.
You care more about others’ problems than you do about your own. You can care so
intensely that you feel the same pain the distressed person is going through. Because of
this, you must constantly remind yourself not to internalize the problems of the person
you are helping.
People with Personality Number 6 tend to be entrusted with the management of a
project because they are often reliable, and readily accept such responsibilities. They
also tend to have many friends thanks to their generosity and altruism.
30Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 1
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You deal with everything in a straightforward and unambiguous manner. Your leadership
skills must be improved if you want to reach your full career potential. You also need to
work hard and constantly come up with new approaches in order to succeed. Learn how
to open your heart and communicate effectively. Try to speak in uncomplicated terms so
people have no difficulty understanding what you mean.
31Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
09. Maturity Number - 2
The Maturity Number tells you what you should do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during the most productive period of your life, which is
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you should focus on developing ideal relationships. Adopt a slower-
paced lifestyle because you need to listen to and understand both yourself and others.
The more slowly you take it, the steadier your decision-making will be and the more
likely you are to succeed.
You should be more open-minded and forgiving when things do not go the way you
want around you. Participate in or initiate communities where every member can find
happiness and get the help they need to “heal” their wounds, if they have any.
It is certain that many people will be of assistance to you on your journey of personal
development. Therefore, you should treasure every relationship that comes into your
life.
32Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
33Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
The absence of this number means a lack of communication skills and positive energy.
The lesson you must learn from the absence of Number 3 is to avoid letting your
emotions dominate your rational thinking. You must learn how to manage your
emotions if you are to achieve success.
To maintain inner balance, you need to establish for yourself a set of rules and
viewpoints that are supported by sound reasoning, which will help you become more
independent and avoid reacting in a way that is influenced by your feelings.
Managing your emotions effectively can bring balance to your inner world and help you
make wise decisions.
34Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
11. Rational Thought Number - 3
This is a special number that reflects the way you think and your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not tell you anything about your life path or subconscious, and
insteadhastodowithyourway ofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act in stressful situations. It indicates the quality of
thesolutionsthatyoucancomeupwith,andthetypesofopportunitiesthatwillcometoyou.
If you are faced with a dilemma or a complicated question that needs to be solved, the
answer you give will usually be one that nobody can predict. Your thinking is random
and extraordinary. When you think about something, many details, concepts, and tiny
influencing factors that can impact the outcome will be taken into consideration.
However, the most interesting part is how you prioritize these variables. You never
know which to consider the crucial one. Yours represents an innovative type of
thinking. You create possibilities and opportunities in places no one else could think of.
You are a fan of challenging methods and outlandish approaches. However, your way
of thinking is sometimes influenced by emotional factors.
35Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
36Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
13. Hidden Passion Number - 4
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what
we are truly passionate about, and reveals
what we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
People like you are hard to come by these days; you are a fan of hobbies that require
diligence and patience. It’s easy for you to find inspiration because, due to the way you
perceive the world, you tend to see more meaning in everything than they display on the
surface, which you find fascinating.
You are punctual, practical, and know the value of hardwork and dedication. However,
you are not a simple person because you possess advanced analytical skills and will
never let anyone fool or take advantage of you. Your curiosity helps you achieve good
results in everything you practice, so you have a wide range of passions.
37Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
38Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
39Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2025)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
40Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
41Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2027)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
42Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
43Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 5 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
44Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
15. Personal Month
Number – 6 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
45Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 7
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
46Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
15. Personal Month Number – 8
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
47Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 0 - age 27)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
48Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 27 - age 36)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
49Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 36 - age 45)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
50Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 45 - age 54)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
51Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
52Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
53Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
17. Challenge Number - 6
The Challenge Number tells us
the major difficulties we will
have to face and what we
should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the
tasks we must handle and the
personality traits we must
develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
You tend to have extremely high expectations for yourself and those around you.
Even a single failure is unacceptable to you. Try to be less judgmental, critical and
demanding of yourself and others. Instead, you should be more open-minded,
compassionateandsympathetic.
54Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
17. Challenge Number - 8
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
If you have Challenge Number 8, you need to learn the lesson of moderation.You
may experience problems with interpersonal relationships.You have the ability to
work hard and be passionate about what you do, but if you care about the
materialworld too muchandspend all your energy there, it willbe hard for you to
overcome this challenge. Its purpose is to teach you how to value the things that
cannot be bought or sold. It is a lesson on how to appreciate real kindness, love,
friendship, sincerity, and care. If you manage not to take these things for granted
during thisperiod,youwillsucceed.
55Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Gorman John David Date of birth: 08/01/1971
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67