Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Tam Ho Kwong Lucas ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
9 6 3
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
6 8 7
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
22 4 3
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
9
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
9 8 1,3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,5,7,11
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
3,0,3,3
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Regarded as the convergence of the numbers’ finest qualities, Number 9 carries the energy of
compassion, generosity and integrity. From the moment they were born, your child has been blessed
with great fortune and a relatively peaceful and smooth-sailing life. They are well-behaved,
magnanimous, altruistic and have no problem sharing what they have with others. They easily
empathize withthose less fortunate andalways wantto helpthem. They tendto be well-likedby their
friendsandthosearoundthemthankstotheirkindandlovablenature.
Your child is also intelligent, flexible and skillful. They have excellent observation, adaptability and
implementation skills. They can deftly navigate social interactions, and particularly like taking part in
community and philanthropic activities. They have a broad perspective and are able to lead others
spiritually,whichearnsthemthetrustandrespectofthosearoundthem.
40
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
STRENGTHS
Your child is naturally charming thanks to their benevolence and integrity. They treat others with
magnanimity, fairness and compassion. “Friendly” and “trustworthy” are written on their face, which
makes them well-liked and trusted wherever they go. They tend to take initiatives in assuming
leadership roles ingroup,community or philanthropic activities,where they canmake full use of their
broadperspectiveandabilitytoguideanddeveloppeople.
Your child’s observation skills, intelligence and quick-wittedness enable them to learn anything very
quickly.Theirdiplomaticskillsalsogivethemtheabilitytobringpeopletogether.Theyexcelatsensing
people’sattitudesandhaveunique spiritualtalents.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Yourchildisquitesensitiveandeasilybecomesfixatedonpainfulmemories,whichmakesthemprone
to being insecure, fragile and reserved. Occasionally, they are willing to be hurt or put at a
disadvantageinordertopleaseotherpeople.
Your child can be so occupied with the outside world that they overlook what is right beside them.
They can also be so focused on socializing and being of service to the community that they pay little
attention to improving and nurturing domestic relationships. Similarly, they might be so fixated on
grandidealsthattheyneglectimprovingthemselvesanddevelopingthecompetenciestheyarelacking
at. Being multi-talented and flexible means that despite being good at many things, they do not truly
excelatany.
41
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldenable your childto participate incommunity and philanthropic activities thatcan nurture
their kindness and help them learn how to be sympathetic and bring joy to others. You should also
encouragethemtotakeonleadershiprolesinsuchactivitiesinorderforthemtodeveloptheabilityto
guide,coordinateandinspirepeople.
Your child has great potential in the fields of education and human development, so you should help
them build upon this by encouraging them to share their knowledge with their friends or younger
siblings.Moreimportantly,youcanhelpthemdiscoveranareaofexpertisethattheyareinterestedin
and study it extensively in order to become an expert. You should also remind them that only when
they have achieved self-actualization and become the best version of themselves will they be able to
helpotherseffectively.
At home, you should cultivate a healthy, peaceful domestic environment by refraining from criticizing
or reprimanding your child, which can make them feel hurt and lose self-confidence. You can also
encourage them to participate infamily affairs to helpthem understand thatfamily is asource of love
andwillgivethemstrength.
42
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 9
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Able to train, educate and transform people
• Multi-talented, skillful, learns quickly
• Able to lead others spiritually
• Has strong intuition and spiritual talents
• Magnanimous, compassionate, gentle
• Able to attract people with their noble humanistic ideals
• Sensitive, easily fixated on the past
LESSON
Life Path Number 9 indicates that your child must learn how to lead others spiritually with
exceptional compassion and empathy.
43
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 6
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to understand people and recognize the root cause of the problems they
encounter.However,theycansometimesbetoodependentontheirfriendsandfamilywhenevertheir
life becomes difficult. Therefore, you should help them learn how to be self-reliant, assume
responsibilityandfacehardshipsinamorematuremanner.Theyneedtofullyharnesstheiremotional
intelligence,honestyandmagnanimitytosolveproblemsdirectlyandeffectively.
61
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 3
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Your child’s destiny is to become an inspirer. They are dynamic, extroverted and have many different
interests. Like a fervent flame, they bring positive energy and endless inspiration to those around
them. Their sense of humor, optimism and charming style of communication make them uniquely
charismatic. No matter where they go, it is easy for them to integrate, adapt and quickly make new
friends.
Your child needs to utilize their creative ideas, confidence and charisma to make a positive impact on
those around them. You should help them develop their ability to express themselves, use language
effectively and be confident in front of a crowd. They are likely to be successful in areas that involve
performing,acting,teachingandinspiring.
Asforweaknesses,yourchildoftenstruggleswithidentifyingtheirtruepurposes,becausebeingmulti-
talented and able to learn quickly makes them want to do too many things at once, which usually
results in nothing being done. They must learn how to compartmentalize and finish each task before
moving onto another. They also need to think more realistically and learn how to turn their ideas into
reality. They can sometimes talk too much and become bothersome to other people, and therefore
must learn how to be restrained and give those around them enough time to get to know and trust
them.
67
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 6
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in order to learn
theirlifelessonandfulfilltheirdestiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 6 indicates that your child should spread their warmth, which
always exists in their heart, to everyone around them. They must start by loving themselves, then
expresstheirlovetoeveryoneelseintheirfamily,andfinallyspreadthislovewherevertheygo.
By doing this, they are sowing the seeds of love in everyone, which will help them always feel warm
insideandreceivelovefromeveryoneinreturn.Theyshouldalwaysknowhowtogivepeopleloveinthe
rightway,eitherbysayingitoutloudortakingactionsthattheydeemnecessary.
Additionally,LifePath–DestinyConnectionNumber6isalsoareminderthatyourchildshouldusetheir
creativity and spend time and effort to consider if there is any better solution to the task at hand. By
doing this, they will find that their heart is always open, which allows them to connect with and inspire
others.
You should activate the power of Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 6 in your child by practicing
these activities withthem.The metric thatyour childwill needto work onthroughouthis lifeto achieve
successandhappiness.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 8
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 8 indicates that your child is strong, courageous and ambitious. They are drawn to
power and want to do everything on a grand scale. They are willing to study and work hard to reach
their goals, do not shy away from competition and challenges, and have great evaluation skills which
helps them learn from their mistakes. As a result, they have the potential to take on management or
leadership roles and shoulder great responsibilities. They like frankness and dislike ambiguity, so they
tendtobeirritatedbyanythingthatisunclearbecausethetruthisofutmostimportancetothem.
However,yourchildoftenwantstofulfilltheirdreams,especiallyfinancialones,somuchthattheyare
willingto do anything to make themcometrue. Sometimes,they canlose patience andtake shortcuts
because of how fast they want to realize their dreams. You should teach them not to be so single-
mindedinthe pursuitofmoney,successorpower thattheirambitionsspiraloutoftheircontrol.They
willalsoneedtolearnhowtocooperatewithothers.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 7
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talents are,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
BirthdayNumber7indicatesthatyourchildisveryintelligentandexcelsatself-studying,observingand
inferring information. They usuallytry to discover the answer ontheir ownbyrepeatedly asking “why”
until they arrive at the result they are looking for. They never take things at face value, and instead
always digdeeper under the surface to discover the truth. As aresult,they tendto be more intelligent
than other children of their age, and have no interest in pointless questions. Under number 7’s
influence, they have a serious attitude towards their study, and will not waste time on dealing with
trivialmatters.
Evenwhenyourchildisstillyoung,youshouldprovidethemwithanenvironmentconducivetolearning
by encouraging them to read and teaching them how to infer lessons and summarize what they have
learned. In the right environment where they can harness and nurture their natural talents, they have
the potential to develop the ability to think logically and conduct scientific analyses, which combines
with their intelligence and perceptiveness to help them become exceptional at writing, analysis,
philosophyandscience.Furthermore,ifallthey wanttodoisfocusingonaspecificfieldordiscovering
life’smysteries,youshouldnotforcethemtobecomemoreeasy-goingorsociable.
Having Birthday Number 7, your child prefers working alone and tends to have very few friends. They
can also be quite stubborn and demanding. If such characteristics present themselves when they are
stillyoung,youneedtounderstandthatitdoesnotmeantheyaredisobedientorarrogant,butinstead
demonstrates their potential to become a brilliant mind. Even though you should absolutely
compliment their skills and passion for specialized fields, keep in mind that no one and nothing is
perfect,whichmeansyouneedtoteachthemhowtoloveandappreciatethemselves.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 22
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
WithPersonalityNo.22,yourchildisperceivedasareliableandtrustworthykid.Theycaneasilygaintrust
from their friends in all activities at school, whether knowledge or other skills. Therefore, they are often
entrustedtoimportantpositionssuchasclassmonitor,vice-monitor,etc.
People also recognize them as a person with a high sense of responsibility and always doing his best in
jointactivities.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 4
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should be more sincere as this will help them gain the trust of
others. If any misunderstanding arises, they need to clarify it and present proof to convince others.
Calmness and certainty will help them gain trust in cooperative relationships. They need to start
developing self-discipline from the smallest things like being punctual or keeping promises. Success will
notcomeiftheydonotworkhardorlackmethodologyanddiscipline.
14
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 3
TheMaturity Numberreveals what yourchildshould do andwhat they should
focusoninordertoadvancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthe
mostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber3indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldfocuson
improving their communication skills in order to expand their network and
socialcircle.Theyalsoneedtoestablishtheirimage intheeyesofothers.They
should seize every opportunity to appear in front of a crowd and share their
knowledgeinordertomakeapositiveimpactonpeople.
Once your child has established their identity and values, the more they
connect with others, the more successful they will become. During this time,
many people will seek advice from them. They should maintain a positive
attitudetobeabletomotivatethem.
Ifyourchildcantakeadvantageoftheopportunities tosharetheirknowledge,
educate others and showcase their abilities, they are living in accordance with
their MaturityNumber,andwill beableto shine brightlyandattractattention.
They should keep in mind that this is a time when they must always think and
actquicklyinordertobecomefamous.
21
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 9
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Theabsenceofnumber9indicatesthatyourchildmightlacksympathyandconcernforhumanity.You
can show them images of people who are less fortunate or of humanitarian work in order to activate
theircompassionandaltruism.Youcanalsoorientthemtowardsdevelopingtheireducationalabilities
by teaching their friends what they have learned or helping their younger siblings with homework.
However,youshouldalsoexplaintothemwhentheyshouldhelpandwhentheyshouldnot.
Additionally,youshouldteachthemthevalueofdoingthingsforpeoplewithoutexpectinganythingin
return,howtoavoidbeingtoodemanding ofthemselvesandothers,andhowtoforgiveandforget.
39
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 9 indicates that your child's way of thinking involves looking at
everything based on all the information they are able to gather and then coming up with the
most suitable solution. When making every decision, they tend to always find a solution that is
agreeable to everyone and prioritizes common interests. Sometimes, their decisions are made
forothers’sbenefitsmorethanfortheirown.Thesolutionstheyproposecanalsobedescribed
asidealisticratherthanrealistic.
48
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 8
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
HavingSubconsciousSelfNumber8willhelpyourchildmaintainarealisticviewpointofthesituationsthey
encounter in life. From a practical perspective, they will be able to identify their goal for each situation,
aimforviableresultsandconstantlythinkaboutthegoaltomakeitareality.
Inorder to helpyourchildharnessthe powerofthisnumber,youshouldaccompanyandsupportthem in
establishing goals for their academic career and personal life. These goals need to have specific results,
whichallows themto envisionwhatit will be like to achieve them. This vision will helpthem be confident
anddeterminedenoughtoachievetheirgoals.
58
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER – 1
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child constantly wants to make their own decisions, and to become a
leader or a pioneer. When they receive other people’s trust, this number will
give them the willpower and determination they need to reach their goals.
They also like to express themselves and never shy away from taking
responsibilityfortheirchoices.
Ifyourchildcanutilizetherobustresourcesthey havetoharnessthe powerof
Hidden Passion Number 1, they will be able to become a leader in the future.
However,intheprocessofpursuingtheirpassion,theyshouldalsotakeothers’
views into consideration, which will give them the right idea of what direction
theyshouldtake.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 3
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child always wants to share and express their views on everything they
encounter.Talkativeandenergetic,theyfeelhappywhenhavingconversations
or speaking their mind, and even more so when their advice is well received.
Maintaining positive energy and emotional balance will help them bring joy
andmotivationtothosetheyinteractwith.
The way your child dresses and talks exude wittiness, a sense of humor and
exceptional intelligence, all of which constitute their charm in the eyes of
others. Their ability to share information and instruct people enables them to
teachtheirskillstoanyoneinaneffectivemanner.
62
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 6
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 6, your child will be influenced by the energy of being caring and loving.
They should focus on learning how to be attentive to and taking care of others, and be ready to assist
anyone that needs their help. As they may struggle with adjusting or being responsible towards others’
needs, you should stay close and support them every step of the way. For instance, this is a good time for
youandyourchildto takecareoflovedones,or do houseworktogethertoconnectwithandbecaring and
lovingtowardseachother,whichwillbeextremelyhelpfultothemduringPersonalMonthNumber6.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 7
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
PersonalMonthNumber7isthetimeforyourchildtofocusonthingsthattheyareinterestedinorwant
to explore. During this period, being able to do so will help them be calm, happy, and regain balance,
which allows them to come up with new ideas that canimprove their life. Being independent and doing
things on their own might be a challenge for them, but life will inevitably demand these qualities from
them, so you should help your child develop them during Personal Month Number 7. Moreover, you
shouldspendthistimeaccompanyingthemintakingalookattheplanstheyhavefortheirstudyortheir
lifeinordertoseeifthereisanythingtheyneedtoadjustorrestructure.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 8
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child will feel energized. This is the time for them to wrap up the projects they
have started and focus on reaching the finish lines. Even the smallest effort will still be able to bring
concreteresults,soyoushouldmakesurethattheysetappropriateprioritiesfortheirpersonallife.
If there is anything your child has long wantedto do but never hadthe courage,time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, they can only achieve results with enough inspiration and
motivation. Therefore, you need to support them in their efforts to reach their goals. Additionally, you
shouldgivethemenoughtimetorestandrelaxaftertheyhaveworkedorstudiedhard.
85
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 0 - age 27)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 27 - age 36)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 36 - age 45)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 11
(age 45 - age 54)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is the time for your child to tap into their intuition and perceptiveness. Their personal development
and spiritual journey will experience major fluctuations. Number 11 will help them develop creative and
intuitive powers, and remind them to do things that allow them to be of service to others. Because this
number is associated with creativity and the arts, they should choose a career in communication, music,
painting,dancing,poetry,etc.inordertospreadacertainmessageorbringinspirationtoothers.
During this period, perhaps your child will feel a bit detached from reality and become drawn towards
matters concerning philosophy and social welfare. They might also feel anxious and stressed, and
encountergreatchallengesintheirlife,whichcanleadthemtodeveloptheabilitytohelpandhealothers,
aswellastobecomesomeonewhohasbigvisionsforthefutureandcantransformandenlighten people.
96
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Tam Ho Kwong Lucas
16/04/2023
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 0
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 0 can represent good fortune in everything your child does, provided they live their
life in accordance with their Pinnacle Number. They need to believe in their own powers and become a
more confident, independent and courageous version of themselves. Should your child fail to live by
their Pinnacle Number, Challenge Number 0 will instead signify the many challenges and lessons that
they must face and learn as a result of their inability to be independent in their every action and
decision.Therefore,it’simperativethattheyfocusonfollowingtheirPinnacleNumber.
99
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41