Chun Soojin
02/02/1992Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Chun Soojin,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19920202LO8J8S
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
01 02 03
7 4 2
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
5 6 2
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
5 1 9
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,4,7
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
3 6 1,3,5,6
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1,2,3 4,5,9,5
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
0,1,1,1
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
01. Life Path Number - 7
The Life Path Number is the
most important number in Map
for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to
experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your
journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain
happiness.
Enlightener
Number 7’s are wise and sensitive philosophers, as well as profound analyzers who are always
searchingfor somethingtoputtheir faith into. Asa number 7, you constantly want touncoverthe
mysteriesoflife.You arereceptivetomysticismandhave arichimagination.
You have a passion for learning, expanding your knowledge, reading and self-studying. Number
7’s biggestlifelessons aretotirelessly improvethemselvesandtobemorally upright.
Energyof Number 7
Number 7 represents the intellectual world, enlightenment and moral uprightness. It reminds us
to constantly improve ourselves, learn new things, and figure out the essence of everything.
Number7’s energyis associatedwith profoundanalysis and sharpintuition.
Characteristics
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
beaninvaluable membertoacademiaand researchinstitutes.
19Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
01. Life Path Number- 7
Individuals with Life Path number 7 are very
rational and intelligent. You are able to quickly
make sense of any situation. You tend to be a
perfectionist who often expects the same
standard of performance from those around
you. This is rarely a problem as number 7’s are
genuinely affectionate and peace-loving. Your
mind is a wellspring of ideas and depth; you will
be an invaluable member to academia and
researchinstitutes.
It’s easy for you to find true friends, because
your intellect and perception allow you to
quicklyrecognize liars and pretenders. Youmay
not have a large number of friends, but those
Expert
who qualify are close and lifelong ones. Never
lower your standards; such friendships will
never last.
Even though number 7’s are often charming, which attracts people towards them, you surround
yourself with a wall that not just anyone can get through. You are not being intentionally aloof;
the wall’s purpose is to ward off any insecurities that you might harbor. Instead of being a social
butterfly, who dives headfirst into social situations, you stayback and assess thesituation before
approaching.
A natural introvert, you are usually not eager to become a part of organizations and groups. You
may be considered by some as socially old-fashioned as you prefer interacting with people at a
relatively slow pace. You value alone time and have no problem with isolation. You spend such
timesreading,studying,orresearching,and overall expanding your intellect andknowledge.
To others, people with Life Path number 7 can come across as distant or aloof. If you have
difficulties with social interactions, these characteristics can spiral into secretiveness or
pessimism.
However, you must understand that you need others just as much as they need you. There are
always good friends to be made, and you can sometimes overlook the positive aspects people
mayhave in your initial assessmentofthem.Do notbetoohastyin writing someoneoff.
Career
Suitable career paths for number 7’s include scientific authority, archeologist, antique expert,
psychoanalyst, surgeon,historian,biologist, investigator,journalist,psychiatrist,andsoon.
With a soul that is drawn towards humanistic values, you can also excel as a lecturer,
humanitarianworker,monk,etc.
20Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
01. Life Path Number - 7
Strengths
You are excellent at analysis and research, bright
and curious, constantly seeking knowledge,
technical and inventive, bookish, meditative,
charismatic in terms of personality and behavior,
attractedbysolitude andpeace,andaperfectionist.
Number 7’s are able to find the link between
anything and form a connection between ideas and
topics that seemingly have nothing to do with each
other. They also have the potential to bring changes
totheirsurroundings.
Profound person
Number 7’s tend to have a good memory, and enjoy contemplating history in order to sharpen
their intellect. You are also very interested in technological and scientific innovations, as well as
predictions ofthefuture.
You are a natural researcher who always thinks on a profound level and is observant to the
mysteries of life. Your performance is at its best when you work alone for extended periods of
time.As Pythagorasonce said,“Thoseseekingwisdom should dosoalone.”
Your intellect drives you to constantly ask “Why” to everything. You like to view life through a
lens that combines logic and intuition. Number 7’s prefer learning from experiences and dislike
being held back by rules. You should choose a suitable area of expertise and dig deep to
becomeanexpertin it.
The perpetual desire for knowledge often causes number 7’s to travel a lot in order to learn and
read more about different lands and cultures, and about space and time. Number 7’s are very
concerned with maintaining acontingencyfund. It’s agoodthing to bethrifty, but they should not
skimponinvesting in personaldevelopment.
Weakness
The fact that you are nearly always right means that you need to be careful not to become over-
confident and self-righteous. You need to remain open to the idea that there are still things
otherscanteachyou, even when you seemtohave learnedeverything.
Many number 7’s prefer living on their own and may struggle with letting others into their lives.
You may also find it difficult to overcome the belief that you are entitled to great things or the
world treats you unfairly. You must try your best to tolerate people and make the best of who
they are. No matter how good you are, you do not have everything; never walk alone.When you
facethebattlesoflife,it’s notagoodthingtobealone.
In romantic relationships, you need enough personal space to be on your own when necessary.
Despite being affectionate, you have too many standards for potential life partners. Sometimes,
theideal candidateyou arehoping forsimply doesnotexist.
21Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
01. Life Path Number - 7
Wordsof advice
You should open up your heart. Number 7’s
can sometimes be distant and struggle with
displaying affection. Learn how to be caring
andaffectionatetowardsthosearoundyou.
Number 7’s should alsocultivate the belief that
as long as they do good deeds, miracles will
come to your life. A lifestyle with too much
analyzing and skepticism can be exhausting
anddrainyou completely ofenergy.
Get closer to nature and spend quiet time
alone to explore your innate talents. Practices
Constantly improve such as meditation or yoga are particularly
oneself beneficial tonumber7’s.
• Good analytical skills • Enjoys personal development
• Meticulous and demanding • Able to withstand pressure
• Observant • Logical thinking
• Broad and deep knowledge • Good memory
• Intensely focused • Able to grasp patterns
• Highly responsible with work • Influential and persuasive
performance
• Independent
• Strategizing skills and big vision
• Good fortune
• Intuitive
• Studious
Constantly improving yourself and becoming an expert in a
certain field
22Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
02. Balance Number - 4
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 4 are
always cautious and disciplined when it
comes to their work. They are also very
demanding and have high standards.
When people with Balance Number 4
encounter new knowledge, they always
want to make detailed analysis and ask
as many questions as it takes to get to
the rootof the matter.
Every team needs a member with
Balance Number 4 to be able to perform
systematic work that requires careful
assessment.
23Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
03. Destiny Number - 2
⮚ Your destiny is the role and responsibilities you must take on when you come to this
world, andwhatyoumustdotobebeneficialtoit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny, you will find satisfaction and happiness, and
createincrediblevaluesforsocietyandyourcommunity.
Your destiny is to bring people together in a loving and harmonious atmosphere.
Your mission is to create harmony, balance and collaborative spirit everywhere you go
and in everything you do. You were born to learn how to foster relationships,
specifically by understanding and connecting with yourself and others.
The path you must take involves the development of diplomatic skills. Having Destiny
Number 2 will encourage you to serve a “higher ideal”, whether in the context of your
family, your workplace or any other ideal you are drawn to. You are destined to
become someone who is adaptable, genuinely caring and focused on the greater
good. Always remember that you must go out there and connect with people, because
when isolated, you will be plagued with pessimistic, depressive and stagnant thoughts.
You will be able to shine when provided with the opportunity to work with others and
contribute to a group, be it your friends, workplace, family or community.
Having Destiny Number 2, you sometimes act as the scales of justice, or an
intermediary lawyer who brings fairness to the world. Accomplishing this is far from
easy, but it is the role you must fulfill if you want to bring more and more happiness into
your life.
24Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 5
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to be creative and will find success by experimenting with different
choices and paths. You also need to learn how to express your personal views in a
flexible and open-minded manner. Being brave, daring and adventurous will help you
achieve many things.
You must experiment with different choices, learn how to adapt and be willing to change
when you are in new circumstances and environments.
25Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
05. Soul Urge Number - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 6 are willing to sacrifice their own happiness if it means
they can make someone else happy. You care about people more than their own family
and friends do. People with Soul Urge Number 6 extend their love to everyone: friends,
family, and even strangers who are in distress.
As an old saying goes, it is always better to give than it is to receive. You live to help
others and bring them joy and relief. You are more concerned for the lives of others than
you are for your own. This is how much you love people. The greatest pleasure you can
get occurs when you are able to help people solve whatever problem they are having at
the moment.
26Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
06. Birthday Number - 2
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural talents are, and what gifts the Universe has
blessedyourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want others to perceive you as when they work
withyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you will find out which environment can enable you to fully
harnessyourwonderfulqualities.
The Birthday Number 2 represents tenderness
and romanticism. People with this birthday
number have the ability to bring people
together. They are empathetic and know how to
listen. Your power comes from your soul, and
you tend to seek contentment that is spiritual
rather than physical in nature in every aspect of
life.
You like to daydream and spend time in your
imaginary world, which can sometimes be too
far removedfromreality.
At their core, people withBirthday Number 2are
soft-hearted and forgive easily. You also dislike
usingforce or power tosucceedinlife.
You tend to look for spiritual compatibility in a life partner. To you, love originates from the soul,
so a relationship will not progress to a physical level when there is no connection from soul to
soul. Therefore, how passionate you are in a relationship mainly depends on how you feel. To
you,physicalpleasure alwaysranksbelowspiritualharmony.
People with Birthday Number 2 are dreamers. Intellectual and imaginative, you sometimes have
an unrealistic way of thinking. Despite having great potential to be creative and invent new things,
people withthisBirthday Numbermustlearnhowtoturntheir thoughtsand plansintoactions.
You need to learn how to be in control of both your mind and your body in order to become
stronger. Doing so will help you move forward and take action. Once you are committed to your
goal,nodifficultycanstand inyour wayonthe journeytowardsrealizingyour dreams.
Possessing great mental capacity, you must strive to develop your logical thinking skills.
Additionally, people with Birthday Number 2 always want to find the answers to all of their
questions and get to the bottom of everything. Should you be able to accomplish this, you will
truly be unstoppable.
27Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
07. Personality Number - 5
The personality number reveals what kind of
impression you make on others when they
first meet you. In other words, it describes
the energy or characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are energetic, approachable, intelligent and
sharp-witted.
People with Personality Number 5 tend to be admired by others. You are naturally gifted
at captivating people. Your elegant manners and sense of humor make those around
you feel comfortable in any situation. Everything you do and every joke you make are all
memorable.
People with this Personality Number constantly want to bring positive energy to those
around them in order to stay calm and composed. However, if you manage to also
harness your negative energy, you can restrain your impulsivity and use your talents to
please as well as motivate others to do better things.
Your business partners frequently offer you business opportunities due to the fact that
you demonstrate the spirit to conquer, which compels people to share with you about
the projects they are about to undertake.
Because you do not want others to know you are struggling, you sometimes present
yourself as a carefree person and try to appear strong. Therefore, people frequently
consider you as a “never-sad” person.
28Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 1
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You deal with everything in a straightforward and unambiguous manner. Your leadership
skills must be improved if you want to reach your full career potential. You also need to
work hard and constantly come up with new approaches in order to succeed. Learn how
to open your heart and communicate effectively. Try to speak in uncomplicated terms so
people have no difficulty understanding what you mean.
29Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
09. Maturity Number - 9
The Maturity Number tells you what you
should do and what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the best of your
abilities duringthemost productive period of
yourlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
In this period, the work you do must be
educational and help people become
enlightened.
You will be drawn towards careers that
deliver humanistic values to the world. You
should find an occupation that enables you
to spread the message about noble values,
as well as to bring inspiration and positive
energy to others.
30Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
32Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 7
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
This number indicates that you are not determined enough at sharpening your
knowledge and expertise on a deeper level.
You need to be more demanding of yourself, and to observe and assess your own
abilities in order to make progress. You should also practice evaluating every problem
in a careful and in-depth manner. The inability to fully understand important issues can
lead to major failures in your career.
33Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
11. Rational Thought Number - 3
This is a special number that reflects the way you think and your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not tell you anything about your life path or subconscious, and
insteadhastodowithyourway ofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act in stressful situations. It indicates the quality of
thesolutionsthatyoucancomeupwith,andthetypesofopportunitiesthatwillcometoyou.
If you are faced with a dilemma or a complicated question that needs to be solved, the
answer you give will usually be one that nobody can predict. Your thinking is random
and extraordinary. When you think about something, many details, concepts, and tiny
influencing factors that can impact the outcome will be taken into consideration.
However, the most interesting part is how you prioritize these variables. You never
know which to consider the crucial one. Yours represents an innovative type of
thinking. You create possibilities and opportunities in places no one else could think of.
You are a fan of challenging methods and outlandish approaches. However, your way
of thinking is sometimes influenced by emotional factors.
34Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
12. Subconscious Self
Number - 6
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. The Subconscious
Self Number helps you focus on the
qualities you have that will be the
key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the main
toolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates the
qualities you must cultivate to be
able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When something happens, only if you can maintain inner peace will you be able to face
the situation. In such scenarios, rely on the person or place that makes you feel safe and
comfortable and can restore your energy. You are resistant to problems and know how
to handle them by nature. The only thing that can hurt you is an inner destabilization that
can lead to overwhelming side effects and make you simply lose self-control. Find your
own safe haven and take better care of yourself.
35Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
36Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
13. Hidden Passion Number - 3
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
A talkative and energetic person, you enjoy being in the company of people. With the
drive you have, it is possible for you to become a successful YouTube star or blogger
because your enthusiastic and cheerful disposition can be irresistible. Your passion is
to share what you have and to be in constant action.
Despite being susceptible to mood swings, you can always find a way to cheer yourself
up because there is no point in staying grumpy for too long. You are witty and have an
exceptional mind, which is often expressed through the way you dress and talk. You
are also naturally gifted at sharing information or teaching, so all the skills you have can
be effectively communicated to everyone.
37Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
38Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
13. Hidden Passion
Number - 6
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
You want to make a difference in this life, to make a statement, and to know that
everything you do will not be forgotten by the universe. You are interested in many
things because you strongly believe that everyone should constantly improve
themselves.
You are a combination of a flexible mind and a kind soul. You have a need to be
surrounded by people, but even a bigger need to be able to help them and to feel
meaningful. People with Hidden Passion number 6 develop themselves in many
directions. You can be passionate about sports, literature, music, and medicine, or all of
the above simultaneously. You are an enthusiastic force in our universe.
39Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
40Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2024)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
41Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
42Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
43Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
44Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
45Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
46Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
47Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 2
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
48Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
15. Personal Month Number – 3
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
49Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 0 - age 29)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
50Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 29 - age 38)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
51Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 38 - age 47)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
52Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 47 - age 56)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
53Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
54Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
55Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Chun Soojin Date of birth: 02/02/1992
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67