Lê Anh Quân
24/05/2004Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Lê Anh Quân,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
20040524CP1Q0F
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
01 02 03
8 3 3
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
5 1 6
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
11 1 11
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,4,6,7,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
5 4 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,3,5,11
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
1,0,1,1
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
01. Life Path Number - 8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also indicates
whichdirectionyourjourneyofself-improvementshouldtakeforyoutoattainhappiness.
Individuals with Life Path number 8 were
born with qualities that enable them to
organize, lead, instruct, and rule. Highly
ambitious, they set goals for themselves
and are eager to reach them in the fastest
and most efficient way possible. They
possess great intellectual and emotional
capabilities, thanks to which they easily
becomethebestinanythingtheydo.
Number 8 is the number of leaders and
those who wield authority with wisdom. You
have what it takes to bring people together
andmake them believe in a cause that they
Fortune and reputation attraction
arewilling todevotetheirlivesto.
Number 8 represents a pair of gateways connecting two worlds, one of which being visions and the other
reality. Number 8’s role is to turn ideas into reality, create products and services, and design business
models. It’s important for them to find satisfaction, both spiritually and materially. Keep in mind that only
when their spiritual aspect reaches maturity will number 8’s be able to realize their material dreams.With
enougheffort,theycanbecomearolemodelorteacheronspiritualand/orfinancialmatters.
EnergyofNumber8
Number 8 symbolizes resurrection and
regeneration. It is associated with a
new beginning and the infinity of the
universe. It is also the number of
restoration. Faced with any difficulties,
number 8’s always staycomposed and
go to any lengths necessary to
thoroughly overcome them. Number 8
carries the energy of leadership,
strength, wealth and power. It is the
number of entrepreneurship,
administration, perseverance and
Excellent executor
senseofresponsibility.
Career
Ideal career paths for number 8’s are business owner and any other occupations that involve finance,
commerce, large corporations, top executive positions, banking, financial or political advisor, counselor,
corporate lawyer, investment broker, purchasing agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil
engineer, athlete, manager of a chain store, government official, manufacturer, or head of a school or
college.ManyartistsandactorswerealsobornunderLifePathnumber8.
19Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
01. Life Path Number - 8
It’s essential that number 8’s take on
a leadership role, which does not
have tobe in abusinessenvironment
but can instead involve inspiring
others.
Like the infinity symbol, number 8
represents an unlimited and never-
ending source of energy. Number 8’s
are also practical and have great
organizational skills.
Born to shoulder responsibilities,
number 8’s are rarely carefree and
apatheticindividuals.
Prominent energy
You always set very high standards for yourself and go to great lengths to uphold them. You
also strive to build a strong personal image, care deeply about what others think about you–
particularlyyour achievements –andlove toreceive compliments.
Number 8’s have incredible potential to turn even the most grandiose ideas and plans into
reality, as well as the perseverance to follow through with any project. Executive directors are
often born with Life Path number 8. You treat the people you lead with a combination of strong-
willed leadership andcompassionatefatherhood.
Work
At their core, individuals with Life
Path number 8 are workaholics.
You often analyze the people you
encounter to determine whether
they can assist you with carrying
outyour grandplans.
You concentrate on working hard
and utilizing the resources you
have to reach your goals. You
have the ability to recognize
others’ qualities and inspire them
tobecomebetter. Workaholic
This ability also helps you recognize that you need others’ assistance to reach your goals. Many
people with Life Path number 8 are exceptional leaders, the most successful among whom have
becomesomeoftheworld's wealthiest people.
You are able to help those working with you reach their full potential, because you do not accept
anything less than the best from them. You know how to make others believe in themselves,
followthroughwith plans, andstick tobudgets.
20Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
01. Life Path Number - 8
Strengths
You exhibit decision-making capabilities,
political talent, as well as the ability to skillfully
wield authority and power. Decisive and
commanding, you are adept at building
foundation, achieving recognition and exercising
judgment. Number 8’s also value justice and
honor.
You are able to maintain good ethics and
fairness. As such, you prefer the company of
important,credible andinfluential people.
Leadership capability
As a number 8, you should share your resources with others, for example, through philanthropic
work. When their energy is at its most positive, number 8’s can transform anything into money
and turn their visions into reality. Your determination and courage enable you to achieve
anything.Number8’s areambitious,enjoychallenges andalways want tobe thebest.
You are full of creativity and passion. Doing what brings your soul satisfaction and utilizing your
talents will enable you to succeed. You have the ability to bring about great positive changes to
others’lives.
Number 8’s are also extremely loving
friends who are loyal and devoted to
those they care about. Anytime they are
in need, number 8’s will not hesitate to
devote themselves to helping them
without askingforanything in return.
Gifted with courage, determination and
inborn leadership capabilities, number 8’s
have the potential to achieve great
success in any field, from finance,
banking,education,traveltoacting.
Weaknesses High living standard
The positive traits of individuals with Life Path number 8 can quickly turn negative if they are
unable to maintain a positive attitude. In the throes of work, you can sometimes become a
dictator who takes advantage of others for your personal gain, instead of inspiring them to follow
theirpaths.
Your focus on financial gains, as well as your pursuit of wealth and power can negatively affect
your health and your ability to care for your family and friends. You must be careful not to
becomeobsessedwith your plans. Youshould also becautious when tryingto getthebest outof
others.Ensurethatpeople have all theresourcestheyneedtomeetyour demands.
21Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
01. Life Path Number - 8
Number 8’s value quality very
highly, and therefore will only buy
high-end products rather than
cheap alternatives. Their dreams
are never small because they
always navigate towards the very
best. If they are not careful, number
8’s may lose their way due to an
overinflated ego, adopt a
materialistic lifestyle, or even
become passive. Number 8’s must
pay close attention to their hearts,
and pursue happiness on the basis
of wisdom, maturity and discipline
Unlimited potential
in ordertofulfillahigherpurpose.
Additionally, number 8’s can sometimes havetoohigh expectations for those aroundthem. They
also tend to work so hard as to undervalue their accomplishments. Learn how to be grateful for
andappreciative ofwhat you have achieved.
Possessing number 8’s energy, you are a highly ambitious person who has the ability to
organize, lead, instruct, and rule. You will go through ups and downs in life, which serve as
challenges that will hone your faith and power. Nothing and no one can prevent you from
fulfilling your mission.
• Highly energetic • Outspoken and straightforward
• Appearance-conscious • Determined and goal-driven
• Ambitious • Able to maintain balance between
career and family
• Excellent at managing finances for the future
• Independent and self-reliant
• Brilliant at administration and leadership thanks to
visions • High level of self-respect
• Concerned with quality of life • “Street-smart” rather than “book-
smart”
• Perceptive to business opportunities
• Willing to take risks
• Able to influence others
• Adept at replicating
• Practical
Learning how to manage financial matters and maintain balance
22Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
02. Balance Number - 3
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 3 maintain an optimistic attitude in the face of life’s
challenges. They bring a wellspring of positive energy and ideas to the world.
Additionally, they enjoy sharing their knowledge and giving people advice.
23Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
03. Destiny Number - 3
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to change people’s lives by using your way with words.
You must become someone who inspires others in a powerful way. You will fulfill your
highest purpose by leading a life that is full of optimism, enthusiasm, compassion and
joy.
Your positive qualities include beauty, uniqueness, excitement and fame. You will have
fulfilled your life purpose when you discover and express your true self, then inspire
others to do the same. If you abandon your dreams and neglect your natural talents,
you will struggle with depression and dissatisfaction. You must pursue your destiny,
focus on the things you have, place your trust in it and welcome it without reluctance.
Because number 3’s tend to provide you with a lot of talents and ideas, it can be
difficult for you to focus on any one thing, causing you to procrastinate or become
distracted. You must learn how to identify and recognize your emotions. Your
communication skills (using both written and spoken language), your intelligence and
wittiness, as well as your ability to listen and cheerful disposition will enable you to help
others.
You may struggle with mood swings and even face depression. You can sometimes be
unduly judgmental and skeptical towards others. You have a tendency to overthink,
therefore, try to relax your mind if you don't want to go insane.
Destiny Number 3 demands that you express yourself and help others do the same in a
positive and joyful manner. Career paths that involve communication and speaking will
bring you success. Stages, podiums and communal spaces are where people with
Destiny Number 3 belong.
24Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 5
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to be creative and will find success by experimenting with different
choices and paths. You also need to learn how to express your personal views in a
flexible and open-minded manner. Being brave, daring and adventurous will help you
achieve many things.
You must experiment with different choices, learn how to adapt and be willing to change
when you are in new circumstances and environments.
25Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
05. Soul Urge Number - 1
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it.It can explainthe root cause
of the decisions you make and the
way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 1 want to make their own choices regarding their future
without being influenced by anyone else. You are self-reliant and self-disciplined
enough to make your dreams come true, never letting anyone get in your way. As a
boss or manager, you see yourself as the driving force behind any team or workplace
that you are in charge of.
In a competitive environment, you will surpass anyone who tries to challenge you. You
truly believe that no one else can guide a team as well as you can. You are so
passionate about your beliefs and ideas that other people cannot help but listen to you.
This is particularly beneficial when you have to make tough decisions and convince
other leaders to agree with them.
26Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
06. Birthday Number - 6
The Birthday Number tells you what your
natural talents are, and what gifts the
Universe has blessed your personality with
onthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive you as
whentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you
willfindoutwhichenvironmentcanenable
you to fully harness your wonderful
qualities.
People with Birthday Number 6 tend to yearn for a harmonious life and therefore possessunique charms.
This is reflected in the fact that they have a comprehensive way of thinking. Number 6 is associated with
friendship, love,health, beauty and wisdom.People with this BirthdayNumberhave verywarm and loving
hearts. This is how Numerology perceives interpersonal relationships, which evidently differs completely
fromitsperception ofperfection.
You might not be the most beautiful or attractive person, but you often have your own unique charms.
However, regardless of the way you look, you possess an energy that makes you stand out among a
crowd. From your manners, the way you dress, to your appearance – everything is handled with great
care – in order to be as appealing as possible. People tend to be trusting of you, but you struggle with
expressing your emotions. It’s as if you had come from another world. There is no explanation to this, so
youmustact asamediator orguide.
Friends or coworkers whoseek your advice are always satisfied with what you have tosay. You arerarely
critical of others, but instead accept who they are and readily forgive their flaws or mistakes. You
meticulously evaluate every situation, and nobody can fool you twice. You have a great life, but do not let
it go to your head. Nevertheless, some might still think you are perfectly happy, which cannot be further
from the truth. You tend to have a materialistic perspective on love; financial situation is a non-negotiable
factor in regard to what you look for in a partner. You believe that those who consider love a game and
disregardthereality oflifewill have topaythepricefortheirdelusions.
People with Birthday Number 6 should try to communicate their emotions more if they want to make
friends or look for a life partner. Only then will the other person be attracted to you for who you really are
instead of who you appear to be. Money is the most important thing to you. You do not dream of
becoming a millionaire or having a giant mansion, but you still consider money to be a vital part of a
wealthy life. People with Birthday Number 6 generally live peaceful lives. In short, this is a great Birthday
Number.
27Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
07. Personality Number - 11
The personality number reveals what kind
of impression you make on others when
they first meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or characteristics
thatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
For others, you are sensitive but very patient and a wonderful listener.
With active listening skill, you make others feel that their stories and sharings are
respected and that they are loved and understood. Therefore, they will regard you as a
safe place for sharing problems and secrets.
A person with Personality No. 11 has a special charm and can be considered as an
"inspirational" person.
28Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 1
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You deal with everything in a straightforward and unambiguous manner. Your leadership
skills must be improved if you want to reach your full career potential. You also need to
work hard and constantly come up with new approaches in order to succeed. Learn how
to open your heart and communicate effectively. Try to speak in uncomplicated terms so
people have no difficulty understanding what you mean.
29Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
09. Maturity Number - 11
The Maturity Number tells you
what you should do and what to
focus on in order to advance your
career to the best of your abilities
duringthemostproductiveperiod
of your life, which is from the age
of30to35.
You will still be highly
perceptive and analytical.
Finding your life purpose is
extremely important to you, and
by now you will have made the
first moves towards achieving
this. You will be successful
career-wise and find great
companions, both as friends
and in other social contexts.
30Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
32Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
33Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 7
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
This number indicates that you are not determined enough at sharpening your
knowledge and expertise on a deeper level.
You need to be more demanding of yourself, and to observe and assess your own
abilities in order to make progress. You should also practice evaluating every problem
in a careful and in-depth manner. The inability to fully understand important issues can
lead to major failures in your career.
34Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
35Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
11. Rational Thought Number - 5
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think
and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this
number does not tell you
anything about your life path
or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number
reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It
indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come
up with, and the types of
opportunities that will come
toyou.
You are a very intelligent person who doesn't want to settle with being ordinary. Your
thoughts are oriented in a way that makes everything a little bit special because you
need to make a statement, no matter how big or small, in everything you do. When you
face a problem, the solution usually comes easily, spontaneously, and quickly. But then
you need to create an elaborate plan to actually solve the problem. This is where your
creativity comes in.
First, you think of every possible outcome that may result from the situation, and only
after that can you look for ways to make it happen. This is referred to as a conceptual
style of thinking. You see the first and the last parts of the picture, and get the complete
view by creating the middle part.
36Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
12. Subconscious Self Number - 4
For most of us, life always comes with
obstacles.TheSubconsciousSelfNumberhelps
you focus on the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner obstacles.
These qualities will sometimes help you handle
a certain aspect of a problem, overcome
obstacles in a calm manner, or even serve as
themaintoolforproblemsolving.
Inshort, thisnumberindicatesthequalitiesyou
must cultivate to be able to handle any
unexpectedtrouble.
You need to learn how to develop self-control, a sense of responsibility, determination,
and purposefulness within yourself. When something unexpected happens, pull yourself
together; don't let your emotions make you feel scared and avoid the problem in the
hope that it will eventually disappear on its own. Find out what your main purpose in life
is so you know you have something to stand for. It will provide you with the motivation
you need to be in control of your life.
37Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
38Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2023)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
39Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
40Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2025)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
41Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2026)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
42Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
43Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
15. Personal Month
Number – 6 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
44Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
15. Personal Month Number – 7 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
45Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
15. Personal Month Number – 8 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
46Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
15. Personal Month Number – 9
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
47Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
15. Personal Month Number – 1
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
48Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
16. Pinnacle Number – 2 (age 0 - age 28)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
preparefor thesechanges.
During this period, you
should live slowly; there’s
no need to rush, things will
cometoyourlifenaturally.
This is the time for you to
learn how to listen to and
empathize with others. You
should seize any
opportunity that allows you
to be educated on subjects
concerning humanity or
human resources, because
it will be of great benefit to
yourcareer.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. The more work you
do that involves connecting people, helping them understand each other and
solvingtheirproblems,themoresuccessful yourcareerwillbecome.
“Give while you still can” is the motto that the universe wants you to live by
during this period, because your ability to do so will be at its best. Learn how to
sowseeds in themostfertilesoil.
Thisisa periodofcontemplationandanincreasedlevelofcommunication.During
this time, you will explore both your inner world and the outside world. You will
learn how to mold your thoughts into words and how to manipulate them to
express or defend yourself. Pinnacle Number 2 reveals your inner development,
andisatimewhen youneedtotapintoyourintuitionand masterself-control.
If you let yourself behave too frivolously or live a life of excess during this period,
it will be of no help and can only lead to problems in your life. So it is better to
engage in the development of your understanding of the processes around you
fromtheperspectiveofyourinner world.
49Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 28 - age 37)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
50Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 37 - age 46)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
51Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
16. Pinnacle Number – 11
(age 46 - age 55)
Every person’s life is composed
of four pinnacle cycles, each
representing a different degree
of maturity, responsibility and
learningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to
your life. The Pinnacle Number
will help you prepare for these
changes.
This is the time for you to tap into your intuition and perceptiveness. Your
personal development and spiritual journey will experience major fluctuations.
Number 11 will help you develop creative and intuitive powers that you can
harness to be of service to others. This number is associated with creativity and
the arts, which means you should choose a career in communication, music,
painting, dancing, poetry or any field that requires a broad perspective and
forwardthinking.
Perhaps you will feel a bit detached from reality and become drawn towards
matters concerning philosophy and social welfare. You might also feel anxious
and stressed, and encounter great challenges in your life, which can lead you to
develop theabilitytohelpandhealothers.
52Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
53Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
54Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
55Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
56Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
57Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
58Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
59Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
60Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
61Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
62Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
63Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
64Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
65Full name: Lê Anh Quân Date of birth: 24/05/2004
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
66