Huang Louis
09/05/2013Huang Louis
09/05/2013
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Huang Louis
09/05/2013
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Huang Louis
09/05/2013
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Huang Louis
09/05/2013
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Huang Louis ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Huang Louis
09/05/2013
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
2 2 1
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
1 4 9
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
6 2 3
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
2,4
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
4 7 3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,6,2,11
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
4,3,1,1
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number 2 is the number of harmony, balance and connection. Your child can be described as a
compassionateintermediary who makesthe worldabetter placeandsomewhere worthliving in. They
areaffectionate,alwayswanttohaveanintimatebondwiththosearoundthemandenjoybeingdoted
on.Theyknowhowtobeflexibleandcleverinthewaytheycommunicateandbehavesothateveryone
aroundthemispleasedandhappy.
Yourchildenjoyshelpingotherpeople,andisverysensitiveandperceptivetotheirfeelingsandneeds.
Because of this, they are very good at bringing people together, as well as de-escalating tension and
mediatingconflicts,bothathomeandatschool.Theyareabletorecognizechangesintheatmosphere
aroundthem,andknowwhattheyshoulddotobringpeoplecomfortandresolvedisputes.Theyreadily
listen to and sympathize with others, and are willing to be understanding and sympathetic towards
othersandputthemselvesatadisadvantageinordertomaintainanamicableatmosphere.
12
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
STRENGTHS
Yourchildhasnaturaldiplomatictalentsandcanprovethemselvestobea“messengerofpeace”even
from ayoung age. They are agoodlistener and know howto make the personthey are talking to feel
safe, relaxed and happy. Thanks to their intuitive perception, they can “read” the other person’s
thoughts andfeelings basedontheir facial expressions andgestures, which allows them to respondin
anappropriateway.
Your child is sincere and open-minded, and tends to always have a positive outlook. They also enjoy
beingaffectionatetothosearoundthem.Affectionisveryimportanttothem.Ifsomeoneisinneedof
their help, they will give it to them unconditionally and wholeheartedly. Their ability to empathize
helps them see the different angles to a problem, understand the reasoning of every party involved,
andactwithfairnessandintegrity.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Yourchildoftenbecomesworriedandanxiouswhensomeonearoundthemisbeingangry.Theyoften
try to please others evenif itmeans they are putat adisadvantage. If they bottle up negative feelings
foranextendedperiodof time,itmayleadtoemotionaltraumasandcausethemtobecomereserved
andsufferfromanxiety.
Your child struggles with making their own decisions and is easily influenced by the environment
around them. They tend to be cautious and wary when facing challenges or put into a new
environment. They can also become reliant on other people, struggle with being independent, and
developafearofresponsibilitiesandpressure.
13
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
ACTIVATE YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldprovideyourchildwithadomesticenvironmentthatislovingandfullofrespect,whereall
family members frequently check on, care for and show affection to each other. You can also
encourage them to take care of pets or house plants, help with chores and care for their younger
siblings. Their biggest need is to feel safe and secure, so you must avoid arguing with your spouse in
frontofthemandgivingthemharshreprimandsororders,whichcanbeextremelyhurtful tothem.
Yourchildwillalsoneedyourreassuranceandencouragementwhenevertheyhavetomakeadecision
or face a challenge. When they feel anxious, scared or agitated, you should give them a hug and
encouragethemtoexpresstheiremotions.Youshouldalsoteachthemhowtoprotectthemselvesand
asserttheiropinions.
Youcanencourageyourchildtoengageinartisticactivitiessuchasacting,singing,dancing,paintingor
playingamusicalinstrumentinordertodeveloptheirsensitivityandabilitytoempathizewithothers.
14
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 2
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Perceptive, sensitive, can listen to and empathize with others
• Enjoys displaying affection to others
• Able to bring people together and facilitate reconciliation
• Willing to help others and make compromises.
• Likes stability and security, dislikes competition and pressure
• Highly intuitive and great at replicating
LESSON
Life Path Number 2 indicates that your child’s lesson is to be a mediator with a compassionate
and benevolent soul.
15
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 2
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to solve almost any problem thanks to their excellent diplomatic skills and
charisma. In many situations, they are willing to sacrifice their own needs to achieve harmony and
agreement between all parties. However, they are sometimes influenced by other people’s opinions
and unable to make decisions on their own, which can make them feel insecure and demotivated.
Therefore,youshouldteachthem howtoremaincalmandtrusttheirinstinctsinimportantsituations.
On one hand, they need to be clear-headed to avoid being influenced by others; on the other hand,
they must listen to their heart in order to find the most appropriate solution that can balance the
interestsofeverypartyinvolved.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 1
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomealeaderinthefieldthattheyareinterestedinandexcelat.Evenfrom
a young age, they like being authorized by their parents, and being the leader who guides a group
towardsachievingcommongoals.
Your child has a strong personality and firm opinions on every matter. Their strengths include being
decisive,proactiveanddaring.Theyalwaysapplythemselvesfullytoachievingsetgoalsandwillnotbe
demotivatedbydifficultiesorfailures.Theycanadjusttheirmindsetandperspectivetofindthewayto
overcometheobstacletheyarefacing.
Self-managementskillsandself-disciplinewillhelpyourchildbecomeanexceptionalleader.Nomatter
what they do, they must hone their ability to initiate and pioneer, as well as develop an open-minded
and progressive way of thinking. They need to maintain a burning desire for victory, an immovable
beliefinthemselvesandastrongsenseofresponsibilityineverythingtheyaretaskedwith.
As for weaknesses, your child is sometimes too focused on getting other people's attention and
recognition. They might be insensitive and indifferent, and ignore the opinions and feelings of those
around them. They can also become impulsive and stubborn, and refuse to ever change their mind.
Therefore,theyneedtolearnhowtonegotiateandmakecompromisesinmanysituations.
Destiny Number 1 will bring your child experiences that can help them discover themselves eliminate
self-doubts, and strengthen their willpower and determination. With enough focus and decisiveness,
yourchildwillshinebrightasabrilliantleaderinthefuture.
65
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Huang Louis
09/05/2013
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 1
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 1 indicates that your child needs to become
independent, self-reliant andstandontheir owntwo feet. To be able to learntheir life
lessonandfulfilltheir destiny,they mustalwaysbe proactiveanddecisive,andidentify
clear goals in everything they do. You should allow them to decide for themselves and
teach them to take responsibility for their decisions. Instead of doing things or making
decisions for them, let them express their views, teach them how to break down their
goalsandallowthemtomaketheirownchoices.
Once your child has developed this ability, they will become a self-reliant person who
knows how to make the right decisions without having to depend on other people’s
opinions. The only things they need to do is to focus on themselves, understand what
they must or should do to reach their goals, stand up when they are fallen, and take
initiativesinturningtheirdreamsandambitionsintoreality.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 4
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 4 indicates that your child is sincere and reliable. They like stability, order and
concrete schedules. Decisive and self-disciplined, they follow directions well, have a methodical and
logical approach when it comes to work, and are not afraid to dedicate a great amount of time and
effort to complete their tasks. As a result, they are able to succeed in anything they do. Loyal and
honest,theywillalsobeareliablememberofyourfamily.
However, they often struggle with adapting to changes and therefore tend to stick to what they
already know. Because they value security and certainty too highly, only when they feel completely
safe will they be truly confident. They can also be quite stubborn and argumentative. You should
provide them guidance on how to express their emotions, and avoid adopting a rigid and narrow-
mindedattitudeandmindset.
89
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 9
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
BirthdayNumber9indicatesthatyourchildhasagentleandamiablepersonality,andastrongsenseof
personality. Born with the ability to be understanding and affectionate to others, they always want to
be kind to and help the downtrodden, be it people or animals. As a result, they are generous,
empatheticandkind-heartedchildrenwhoenjoydoingphilanthropicwork.
Your child is multi-talented and has a broad perspective. You can orient them towards developing
education-relatedabilitiesbyencouragingthemtoteachwhattheyhavelearnedtotheirclassmatesor
helptheiryoungersiblingsdohomework.Additionally,BirthdayNumber9alsoindicatesthatyourchild
has exceptional natural talents in areas such as acting, theater, literature or painting. Given enough
attention,theseabilitiescanbecomeafoundationforahighlysuccessfulcareerintheirfuture.
Magnanimity, decency and affection are important qualities that your child must develop. Therefore,
your biggest challenge when it comes to parenting is helping them learn how to help people
unconditionallywithoutexpectingsomethinginreturnorbeingpossessive.Thebestwaytodothisisto
become their role model yourself. Moreover, you need to provide them guidance on how to avoid
dwellingonpainfulmemoriesandinsteadmoveforwardtowardsprogress.
106
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 6
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are warm, friendly and gentle. They are observant and
sensitive enough, both intellectually and emotionally, to accurately sense the conditions of those around
them. If they can see that their parents or friends are displaying distressed facial expressions, they will
approach and check on them, or do anything they deem necessary to be sympathetic and caring towards
them.Inanegativeenvironment,theywillfindithardtobecheerfulbecauseofhoweasyitisforthemto
beaffectedbyothersemotionally.
The warmth your child radiates always helps other people feel at ease. Therefore, they tend to have a lot
offriendsandareverywell-liked.
You,your child’s teachers and other people around them have nothing to worry about when they are the
one responsible for a task because of their strong sense of responsibility. They will try their best to
completethetaskinordertoavoidmakingothersworriedforthem.
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 2
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should take the initiative in connecting with other people and
forming relationships withthem.Inorderto do so,theymustfirstlearnhow topayattentionto others’
needs. They will have great relationships if they can understand what people want. In every problem
and situation, they should hone their ability to listen to and empathize with others. Their sincerity and
gentleness are what people notice about them. To avoid unnecessary misunderstandings, they should
applythistotheirprofessionalandpersonalrelationships,whichwillhelpthemformbetterconnections
withthosearoundthem.
12
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 3
TheMaturity Numberreveals what yourchildshould do andwhat they should
focusoninordertoadvancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthe
mostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber3indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldfocuson
improving their communication skills in order to expand their network and
socialcircle.Theyalsoneedtoestablishtheirimage intheeyesofothers.They
should seize every opportunity to appear in front of a crowd and share their
knowledgeinordertomakeapositiveimpactonpeople.
Once your child has established their identity and values, the more they
connect with others, the more successful they will become. During this time,
many people will seek advice from them. They should maintain a positive
attitudetobeabletomotivatethem.
Ifyourchildcantakeadvantageoftheopportunities tosharetheirknowledge,
educate others and showcase their abilities, they are living in accordance with
their MaturityNumber,andwill beableto shine brightlyandattractattention.
They should keep in mind that this is a time when they must always think and
actquicklyinordertobecomefamous.
21
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 4
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 4 indicates that your child might be lazy and refuse to do things that they
deem boring and tedious. You should avoid being lenient, explain to them the value of completing
tasksandteachthemgoodhabitssuchasputtingtheirtoysawayafterplayingwiththem,makingtheir
bed after waking up or put things where they are supposed to be through the use of timetables and
alarms.
Your child will also need guidance on how to organize their personal affairs, make plans in their daily
life, analyze and evaluate processes, and adapt to changes, so that they can harness their positive
qualitiesinanyenvironment.
34
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 4 indicates that the decisions your child makes are often very
practical. They do not make quick decisions, and instead think carefully, study available
information and data thoroughly, then evaluate the potential solution. They always want to
havethedatareadybeforemakingthedecision.
Such a data-driven, assured and safe way of thinking sometimes means that when your child
hasinsufficientinformation,makingdecisionsisoftentime-consumingordifficult.
43
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 7
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious SelfNumber7indicatesthatyour childcanharnessthe power ofintuition whenitcomesto
assessingthepeopleandproblemsintheirlife.Aslongastheycanremaincalmandclear-headed,theywill
beabletofindtheoptimalsolution.
To help your child utilize the power of Subconscious Self Number 7, you should encourage them to focus
onandactivelythinkabouttheir problems,identify andanalyzetheoptimalsolution,aswellasvisualizea
mental picture of what the desired results might look like. They should keep their eyes on the most
positive outcomes even when they will be difficult to achieve, as away to employ the law of attraction to
manifestpositiveresultsnomattertheproblemtheyarefacing.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 3
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child always wants to share and express their views on everything they
encounter.Talkativeandenergetic,theyfeelhappywhenhavingconversations
or speaking their mind, and even more so when their advice is well received.
Maintaining positive energy and emotional balance will help them bring joy
andmotivationtothosetheyinteractwith.
The way your child dresses and talks exude wittiness, a sense of humor and
exceptional intelligence, all of which constitute their charm in the eyes of
others. Their ability to share information and instruct people enables them to
teachtheirskillstoanyoneinaneffectivemanner.
62
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 0 - age 34)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 6
(age 34 - age 43)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period when your child needs to focus on taking care of familial affairs. They should spend more
time for their family because the energy associated with family and taking care of loved ones will help
their career progress smoothly. During this period, there is no need for them to overexert themselves or
raceagainstanything.Instead,theyshouldfocusontheirfamilyfirst,thenonthecommunity.
During this period, your child will be considerate, caring and helpful to their family and other people
aroundthem,andfilltheirworldwithloveandaffection.Theyshouldactivelyengageinsowingseeds,for
example,bydonatingtochildrenofimpoverishedfamiliesortohomelesspeoplebecausetheywillradiate
an energy of altruism, magnanimity and compassion. Should they be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessingswillbebestoweduponthem.
This is also a time when your child feels a stronger sense of responsibility. Their life will mostly revolve
aroundbeingofservicetoothers,whichisalsothelessontheymustlearn.Therefore,evenwhentheyare
still young, you must be a role model for them on how to be attentive, caring and helpful to people.
Developing these qualities in their everyday life will help them successfully complete their Pinnacle 6.
Their family will serve as a solid foundation for their development, a safe haven where they can always
findshelter,andalsothelaunchingpadfortheircareer.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 43 - age 52)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 11
(age 52 - age 61)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is the time for your child to tap into their intuition and perceptiveness. Their personal development
and spiritual journey will experience major fluctuations. Number 11 will help them develop creative and
intuitive powers, and remind them to do things that allow them to be of service to others. Because this
number is associated with creativity and the arts, they should choose a career in communication, music,
painting,dancing,poetry,etc.inordertospreadacertainmessageorbringinspirationtoothers.
During this period, perhaps your child will feel a bit detached from reality and become drawn towards
matters concerning philosophy and social welfare. They might also feel anxious and stressed, and
encountergreatchallengesintheirlife,whichcanleadthemtodeveloptheabilitytohelpandhealothers,
aswellastobecomesomeonewhohasbigvisionsforthefutureandcantransformandenlighten people.
96
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 4
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number4indicatesthatyourchildneeds tofocusonstudyinganddevelopingtheir expertise,
whichwillserveasthefoundation fortheirsuccess.
Additionally, they need to pay more attention to matters that require them to be detail-oriented and
meticulous, such as paperwork. Learning how to be disciplined and organized will help them overcome
thischallenge.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Huang Louis
09/05/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42