David Jackson
06/11/1975Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear David Jackson,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19751106WS2M8Z
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
01 02 03
3 5 5
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
2 8 6
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
6 2 8
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
7,8
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
7 7 1
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
6,7,8,9,1 3,4,5,6,7 8,1,9,6
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
4,2,2,2
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
01. Life Path Number - 3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Individuals with theability touselanguage tomotivateand inspire.
Individuals with LifePath number 3tendto have excellent communication skills and exhibit great
creativity in everything they do. The majority of your achievements in life will stem from the
unique ways you express these qualities. You do not just understand people; you have a way of
gettingacrosstothemandgettingthemtounderstandeachotherbetter.
Number 3’s invariably possess a keen eye for the arts even when they are not professionals in
these fields. Having Life Path number 3 means that you often have to express your talents
through writing, speaking, andperforming asmusicians, dancers, actors, presenters or any other
means of inspiring people. As number 3’s, you will spend your entire life learning how to
communicateandbethevoice offreedomandself-expression.
Presenter
Energyof Number 3
Number 3 represents triad, trinity and three-dimensional entities. In a broader sense, number 3
symbolizes growth and multiplication. Number 3’s components include light, love and life. The
first among the creative numbers, number 3 is extremely independent and constantly yearns for
freedom.
Characteristics
Possessing great communication skills, an outgoing personality and the ability to entertain, it is
easy for you to make many friends. Anywhere they go, number 3’s carry a radiant loving energy
that attracts those around them. Others are captivated by your enthusiasm, optimism and sense
ofhumor.
19Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
01. Life Path Number - 3
Career
Number 3’s are a great fit for occupations where they can inspire, share information with, and
bringpositive energytothosearoundthem.
Ideal career paths for those with Life Path number 3 include artist, dancer, actor, musician,
performerandbeautician.
You can also thrive in occupations that involve sharing information such as teacher, speaker,
trainer, sales representative; and those that involve creativity such as actor, singer, presenter,
andsoon.
Tonumber3’s,higher educationis very importantas it allows themtobecomemoreconfident.
Center of attention
Adept at entertaining and storytelling, individuals with Life Path number 3 stand out among
crowds andradiate an air of optimism. You appreciate beautyand innovation. Your ultimate goal
in life is toshareyour naturaltalentswith theworld.
You live fortheexperience andare not very concernedwiththefuture.This mayleadtofinancial
troubles, but will not cause you too much stress and pressure. You treasure everything that
comes to you and focus on human connections rather than material possessions. Most number
3’s aresociable people who have anoutgoingand charismaticstyle ofcommunication.
20Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
01. Life Path Number - 3
Being tightly controlled by superiors or doing boring, repetitive work makes you feel stifled. You
mustbecarefulnottobe trappedin away oflife thatis superficial,frivolous andwithout purpose.
Challenging environments are required for number 3’s to demonstrate their talents. You yearn for
opportunitiestoshine and bethecenterofattention.
Adept at coming up with ideas
Strengths
You are able to express yourself in multiple ways and communicate effectively. You have a rich
imagination, a mind filled with inspirations, great artistic talents, as well as an optimistic and
cheerfuldisposition.
Number 3’s are fast learners who are extremely intelligent and quick-thinking. Highly creative,
enterprising and reliable, you can adapt easily, are eager to learn, and enjoy exploring life. You
frequently ask questions and have a passion for knowledge, and therefore are often perceived
by others as a smart and talented person. Number 3’s also make great detectives, who usually
see through any lies. You have the ability to leave no stone unturned in the pursuit of the truth
ortherootofthematter.
21Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
01. Life Path Number - 3
Weaknesses
Number 3’s weaknesses include a lack of focus and direction, the habit of leaving things
unfinished,volatile emotionsandselfishness.
In order to maintain a joyful and meaningful life, number 3’s are advised to stay focused. They
need to pursuethefield they have chosen with undivided attention and avoid being distracted by
frivolous endeavors. You should never take on multiple tasks at once; otherwise, all you can do
is tostartprojectswithout theability toactually finish them.
You should choose a career path where you can utilize your intellect and creativity; otherwise, it
would be easy for you to lose motivation. If there is one thing that can make number 3’s fail, it is
usually thedesireforinstantgratificationsandalack ofdiscipline.
Inspirational presenter
Furthermore, number 3’s should be careful not to be perceived as too chatty. In some cases,
number 3’s can come across as arrogant and overbearing. Intelligent and quick-witted, you may
be impatient towards those below your standards and unduly critical of them for it. Focusing on
others’ negative aspects can cause number 3’s troubles in relationships, as it is easy for the
otherpersontofeelstressedoutbythem.
Additionally, number 3’s must learn not to make empty promises, and to only make
commitmentsthey canfulfill. Once number 3’s have conqueredtheseshortcomings andare able
touselanguagetoinspire, nothingcanstandin theirway towards success!
22Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
01. Life Path Number - 3
Under number 3’s positive energy, you are an inextinguishable flame. You are adept at
communication and full of creativity. You understand people and are able to not only get across
to them, but also help them understand each other better. You have a desire to let your
communicationskills and artistictalentsshine.
• Charismatic • Creativity and ability to inspire
• Flexibility in using language • Ability to motivate
• High level of energy • Affinity for group activities
• Enthusiasm • Artistic talents
• Sense of humor • A mind full of ideas
• Intelligence • Great communication skills
• Ability to observe
• Ability to influence others with language
and energy
Learning how to use language and bring positive energy
to others.
23Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
02. Balance Number - 5
The Balance Number indicates how someone
facesthedifficultiesandchallengesthatcome
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 5 usually have a very optimistic outlook on the challenges
in life. No matter how much hardship they are facing, they can still remain positive and
hopeful.
People with this Balance Number tend to prefer a life full of freedom and joy. They
should learn how to be self-disciplined and avoid spending too much time chasing
pleasure.
24Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
03. Destiny Number - 5
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on when
you come to this world, and what you must
do to be beneficial to it.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this destiny,
you will find satisfaction and happiness,
and create incredible values for society
and your community.
Your destiny is to become a reformer.
People with Destiny Number 5 tend to radiate a powerful field of energy. You must learn
how to utilize this to create communities where people have the freedom to express
themselves. They are perfectly aware what their strengths and weaknesses are. Your
mission is to help them break through their limits, urge them to fulfill their missions, and
encourage them to adapt and be open to the adventures that life will bring them. You
use freedom to light the way for others.
Because the universe has gifted you with intelligence and perceptiveness, you must
constantly contribute new knowledge to the world in return. Your life principle is to be on
a never-ending journey of discovery.
Always help others move forward as you are also destined to be a TRAILBLAZER!
25Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 2
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to settle differences peacefully and avoid conflicts. Addressing
problems in a straightforward manner is a good thing, but try to be gentler when
expressing your opinions.
You are competent and do not hesitate to help others, but it is still necessary to
establish boundaries with those who seek your help. Value your time and learn how to
prioritize.
26Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
05. Soul Urge Number - 8
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and
how you do it. It can explain the
root cause of the decisions you
make and the way you react to
everything and everyone around
you.
This is a very important number as
it can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
You want to fulfill your dreams, especially financial ones, so much that you are willing to
do almost anything to make them come true. Sometimes, you can lose patience and
take shortcuts because of how fast you want to realize your dreams. You must learn
from your mistakes in order to make better choices that will bring you closer to
achieving what you want in life.
You prefer frankness and dislike ambiguity. You tend to be irritated by anything that is
unclear because the truth is of utmost importance to you.
27Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
06. Birthday Number - 6
The Birthday Number tells you what your
natural talents are, and what gifts the
Universe has blessed your personality with
onthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive you as
whentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you
willfindoutwhichenvironmentcanenable
you to fully harness your wonderful
qualities.
People with Birthday Number 6 tend to yearn for a harmonious life and therefore possessunique charms.
This is reflected in the fact that they have a comprehensive way of thinking. Number 6 is associated with
friendship, love,health, beauty and wisdom.People with this BirthdayNumberhave verywarm and loving
hearts. This is how Numerology perceives interpersonal relationships, which evidently differs completely
fromitsperception ofperfection.
You might not be the most beautiful or attractive person, but you often have your own unique charms.
However, regardless of the way you look, you possess an energy that makes you stand out among a
crowd. From your manners, the way you dress, to your appearance – everything is handled with great
care – in order to be as appealing as possible. People tend to be trusting of you, but you struggle with
expressing your emotions. It’s as if you had come from another world. There is no explanation to this, so
youmustact asamediator orguide.
Friends or coworkers whoseek your advice are always satisfied with what you have tosay. You arerarely
critical of others, but instead accept who they are and readily forgive their flaws or mistakes. You
meticulously evaluate every situation, and nobody can fool you twice. You have a great life, but do not let
it go to your head. Nevertheless, some might still think you are perfectly happy, which cannot be further
from the truth. You tend to have a materialistic perspective on love; financial situation is a non-negotiable
factor in regard to what you look for in a partner. You believe that those who consider love a game and
disregardthereality oflifewill have topaythepricefortheirdelusions.
People with Birthday Number 6 should try to communicate their emotions more if they want to make
friends or look for a life partner. Only then will the other person be attracted to you for who you really are
instead of who you appear to be. Money is the most important thing to you. You do not dream of
becoming a millionaire or having a giant mansion, but you still consider money to be a vital part of a
wealthy life. People with Birthday Number 6 generally live peaceful lives. In short, this is a great Birthday
Number.
28Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
07. Personality Number - 6
The personality number reveals what kind of
impression you make on others when they
first meet you. In other words, it describes
the energy or characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are warm, gentle, reliable and
compassionate.
Individuals with Personality Number 6 try to help solve other people's problems
whenever they can. This makes strangers feel compelled to approach you and ask you
for assistance. You are able to comfort those who are in distress and show sympathy for
whatever problems they are facing.
You care more about others’ problems than you do about your own. You can care so
intensely that you feel the same pain the distressed person is going through. Because of
this, you must constantly remind yourself not to internalize the problems of the person
you are helping.
People with Personality Number 6 tend to be entrusted with the management of a
project because they are often reliable, and readily accept such responsibilities. They
also tend to have many friends thanks to their generosity and altruism.
29Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 2
We always have certain views regarding ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge between your self-image and how others
perceiveyou.Thisnumbergivesyou advice on howtoadjustthewayyouareso that peopledo
notmisunderstand you.
You have the ability to influence people, but you must learn to be considerate of their
needs. The relationships that you have will improve if you understand the
expectations of the other person. You also need to learn how to be patient and gentle
when it comes to work. Sometimes, it’s not a good idea to push for things to happen
too quickly and intensely.
30Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
09. Maturity Number - 8
The Maturity Number tells
you what you should do and
what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the
best of your abilities during
the most productive period of
your life, which is from the
ageof30to35.
In this period, you need to seek opportunities that allow you to make financial
investments or operate a business. In order to make profitable investments and run a
successful business, you need to constantly upgrade your skills and improve yourself.
This is also the time for you to hone your financial management ability. Avoid making
investments that are not based on your own knowledge, and spending money
unreasonably.
31Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 7
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
This number indicates that you are not determined enough at sharpening your
knowledge and expertise on a deeper level.
You need to be more demanding of yourself, and to observe and assess your own
abilities in order to make progress. You should also practice evaluating every problem
in a careful and in-depth manner. The inability to fully understand important issues can
lead to major failures in your career.
32Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
33Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
11. Rational Thought Number - 7
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think and
your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life
path or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number reveals the
way youact in stressful situations.
It indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come up
with, and the types of
opportunities that will come to
you.
You are a well-developed person who always thinks big. You often find yourself lost in
thought; what seemed to have started from just a tiny detail, usually leads you to a
completely different topic. You always try to be objective regardless of the information
you receive or where it comes from. You are very thorough and always gather
information from different sources, and you shape your opinion only after you've taken
all of it into consideration.
Whenever you are in a difficult situation, you try to put yourself in the other person’s
position to understand the factors influencing their decisions or actions. This is referred
to as the critical type of thinking.
34Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
35Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
36Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
37Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
38Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
39Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2026)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
40Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
41Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
42Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
43Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
15. Personal Month Number – 5 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
44Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
15. Personal Month
Number – 6
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
45Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
15. Personal Month Number – 7
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
46Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 0 - age 33)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
47Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
16. Pinnacle Number – 1 (age 33 - age 42)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite
long, but the important thing
is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new
events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help
you prepare for these
changes.
This is a period when a lot of challenges will come into your life. You must stand on
yourowntwofeet toimproveevery aspectofyourcareer.
The Pinnacle Number 1 indicates that you must learn a very important life lesson,
whichishowto“lead yourselfand lead others.”
Duringthisperiod,youmustsetcleargoals foryourlifeand fully commityourselfto
reaching them. Should you manage to accomplish this, you will be able to establish
a career for yourself, because a Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working
independently or opening your own business. If you have enough determination to
launch a company,storeorproduct,yournextcycleisbound tobe agreatone.
During this period, you also need to learn how to take responsibility because you
will be entrusted with many important tasks, such as managing, leading and
guiding others. If you insist on declining them, you will have to face many
challenges.
Thisis atime fullofrevelations,newexperiences,and challenges.Itencouragesyou
to improve yourself in fields that are rather unfamiliar to you. It is a good time to
test how you will react in different situations, and to get as much experience as you
can so that you can transform it into wisdom later. This cycle willteach you not only
how to overcome difficulties, but also how to protect the light inside you. This is
because the purpose of this cycle is not to bring you down but to temper and polish
you.Yourbest,worst,andmostvaluable experiencesareconnectedtothisnumber.
48Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 42 - age 51)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
49Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 51 - age 60)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
50Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
51Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
52Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
53Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
54Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
55Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
56Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
57Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
58Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
59Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
60Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
61Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
62Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
63Full name: David Jackson Date of birth: 06/11/1975
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
64