Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Nguyen Hermione Tiana ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
4 6 2
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
2 8 4
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
3 5 6
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
-
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
4 9 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,2,8,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
2,3,1,5
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 4
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number4representsasolidfoundationandthequalityofbeingdedicated.Likeasquare,yourchildisa
careful,steady,resilientpersonwhoisexcellentatorganization,preparationandproblem-solving.
Highlyattentivetodetails,theytendtoobservecloselyandthinkcarefullybeforegettinginvolved.They
often appear to be a serious and introverted person who are meticulous and thorough in everything
theydo.
When communicating with others, they usually think things through before speaking, and will stay
silentiftheydonothavetheanswer.Inanunfamiliarenvironment,theydonotadaptquicklyandneed
timetoobserve.Therefore,theymayseemshyandeasilyscaredtoyou.
Your child has excellent organization, preparation and problem-solving skills. Thanks to their ability to
have excellent perception, make sound judgments and maintain intense focus, they can grasp the way
everything around them works and apply this knowledge to organizing, making plans and designing
logicalprocesses.Theytendtobecomeanexpertinacertainfieldthankstohowmeticulous,dedicated
andself-disciplinedtheyare.
20
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 4
STRENGTHS
Your child has an innate curiosity, excellent perception and brilliant logical thinking skills. Meticulous
and conscientious, they know how to organize everything so that they are tidy and in the right order.
Theylikethefeelingsofsafetyandfamiliarity,andenjoymakingandfollowingplans.
Your child is practical, sincere and reliable, and will only speak on things they are knowledgeable
about.Theyarealsoverymeticulousandcanmaintainintensefocus,especiallywhendoingthingsthat
require attention to details and determination such as handcrafts, embroidery or assembling lego.
They will readily spend hours studying the subjects they are interested in to discover the underlying
principles.Theyaretenaciousandprefertodothingsinthecorrectorderwithoutskippinganysteps.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Relative to other children of their age, the way your child reacts might be a little slow and rigid. They
dislike having their plans changed and they need time to adapt to a new environment, especially in
situations that require them to express themselves without prior preparations. When changes are
forceduponthem,theytendtobestubbornandresistthosechanges.Theydislikeitwhenothersmess
with or rearrange their personal belongings without their permission. They are also very meticulous
and will not hesitate to express their dissatisfaction. They can sometimes insist on doing everything
theirwayandrefusetobeflexibleorlistentootherpeople’sopinions.
21
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 4
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
You should help them develop their organization and preparation skills by encouraging them to make
plans, set schedules or help clean the house. Everytime you assign them a task, you should give them
enoughtimetodeliberate,mentallyestablishacourseofaction,anddiscovertheunderlyingprinciple.
You should also help them develop the qualities of determination and perseverance which they will
needtoreachtheirgoals,andteachthemhowtoreflectonandevaluatetheresultstheyget.
You should also enable your child to study the subjects they are interested in on a deeper level, and
encourage them to summarize what they have learned and share it with their friends or siblings.
Additionally, you should never force them to do something they do not like or are not ready for
becausetheyaredeeplyaversetoabruptchanges.Whenyouwantthemtodosomething,talktothem
in a patient yet honest manner. You should also respect their personal space, give them a quiet
environmentwheretheycanfocus,andalwayskeepthepromisesyoumaketothem.
22
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 4
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Excellent perception and analytical skills
• Adept at recognizing and conceptualizing principles
• Skilled at organization, preparation, and making plans
• Meticulous, conscientious, responsible
• Likes safety and familiarity, dislikes changes
• Practical, outspoken, determined
• Able to maintain intense focus
LESSON
Life Path Number 4 indicates that your child’s lesson is to become an expert who is
knowledgeable and studies extensively about a certain field.
23
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 6
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to understand people and recognize the root cause of the problems they
encounter.However,theycansometimesbetoodependentontheirfriendsandfamilywhenevertheir
life becomes difficult. Therefore, you should help them learn how to be self-reliant, assume
responsibilityandfacehardshipsinamorematuremanner.Theyneedtofullyharnesstheiremotional
intelligence,honestyandmagnanimitytosolveproblemsdirectlyandeffectively.
61
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 2
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Your child’s destiny is to learn how to be protective, loving and caring towards others. Kind-hearted
and sentimental, they easily empathize with those less fortunate, whether it is someone they
personally know or not. Thanks to their sensitivity, intuition and compassion, they can easily sense
others’feelings,whichallowsthemtoconnectwith,comfortandmotivatepeople,aswellastoresolve
the conflicts and tension in the environment around them. If they grow up in a peaceful and loving
environment,theywillbe abletofully harnesstheirabilitytotakecareof,protectandhealthosewho
aresufferingeitherphysicallyoremotionally.
Your child likes quietude and dislikes any environment where there is a lot of noise or conflicts. Their
excellent communication skills will make it easy for them to persuade and work with other people,
whichmakesthemagreatteamplayer.However,theyneedtolearnhowtobalancethebestinterests
of others with their personal happiness, and to avoid hurting themselves to please others. They also
needtolearnhowtovaluetheirtime,resourcesandenergy,andtotrustinpeople’sabilitytotakecare
of themselves. They are highly perceptive but paying too much attention to details may make them
missthebiggerpicture.Focusingoninsignificantdetailsisalsothereasonwhytheyoftenstrugglewith
making decisions, especially important ones. Therefore, you should guide them on how to analyze
situationsandmakesensibledecisionstopreventthemfrommissingoutongoodopportunities.
66
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 2
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
LifePath–DestinyConnectionNumber2indicatesthatinordertoadvancetheircareer
and learn their life lesson, your child needs to prioritize forming valuable relationships
and nurturing them. They must learn how to handle situations or conflicts peacefully,
and improve their listening skill and ability to be considerate when asserting their
views. They should communicate how they feel inside and, at the same time, respect
what other people think and put themselves in their positions, only then can the
relationshipstheyhavebetrulyvaluable.
Your child must also become someone who is always willing to help others, recognize
which relationships are worth developing, and at the same time knows how to say no.
You should guide and accompany them in the process of developing these qualities in
everysituationoftheirlife.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 8
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 8 indicates that your child is strong, courageous and ambitious. They are drawn to
power and want to do everything on a grand scale. They are willing to study and work hard to reach
their goals, do not shy away from competition and challenges, and have great evaluation skills which
helps them learn from their mistakes. As a result, they have the potential to take on management or
leadership roles and shoulder great responsibilities. They like frankness and dislike ambiguity, so they
tendtobeirritatedbyanythingthatisunclearbecausethetruthisofutmostimportancetothem.
However,yourchildoftenwantstofulfilltheirdreams,especiallyfinancialones,somuchthattheyare
willingto do anything to make themcometrue. Sometimes,they canlose patience andtake shortcuts
because of how fast they want to realize their dreams. You should teach them not to be so single-
mindedinthe pursuitofmoney,successorpower thattheirambitionsspiraloutoftheircontrol.They
willalsoneedtolearnhowtocooperatewithothers.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 4
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 4 indicates that your child is able to do things that require meticulousness and
attentiontodetails.Theyprefertolearnthroughtheoriesinaclearanddetailedmanner,soyoushould
give them access to books written about the subjects they are interested in. They are also organized,
tactful, practical, hardworking and devoted. Therefore, you can help them further develop these
qualities by teaching them how to organize daily personal matters, and cultivate the qualities of self-
disciplineanddeterminationinthem.
Having Birthday Number 4, your child dislikes taking too many risks, and instead learns by taking
cautiousactionsandhavingadisciplinedlifestyle.Therefore,eventhoughtheymightworkmoreslowly
than children with other Birthday Numbers, they make fewer mistakes and tend to do well from the
beginning. They are also self-disciplined,responsibleandindependent,which usually earns themother
people’strust.
Additionally, your child is capable of managing both their own and other people’s problems. Most
parents of children with Birthday Number 4 will be surprised to find that even from a young age, they
spend a lot of time working hard to prepare for their future, and can give very helpful and practical
advice to others. However, they can sometimes be excessively serious and devoted. You should teach
them how to relax and enjoy life more, and have a more flexible approach to life instead of being too
rigidanddisciplined.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 3
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’sfirstimpressionofyourchildisthattheyareanapproachableandoutgoingpersonwhoisalways
cheerful and has a great sense of humor. These qualities help them make a lasting impression on others
from the first encounter. In group activities, they always try to connect with everyone. Having this
PersonalityNumbermakesiteasyforthemtoestablishrelationships.
People with Personality Number 3 pay a lot of attention to the way they appear to others. Before going
out, your child usually takes great care of their appearance and wants to showcase their fashion style,
which is anything that makes them feel comfortable and fits their tastes. They also constantly want to
express themselves and therefore always take initiative in everything they do and frequently stand out
amongacrowd.
Your child readily lets people know who they are even from the first time they meet because they always
wanttotakeonanactive roleinrelationships.Thiswillbeverybeneficialtotheminthefuturewhen they
aresearchingforcareeropportunities.
PeoplewithPersonalityNumber3neverhidewhotheyareandinsteadwanttoshowcaseeverytalentthey
have.ThisPersonalityNumberwillbringyourchildmoreopportunitiesthanothersbecauseofthepositive
impressionstheycanmakeonothers.
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 5
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
Thisnumberindicatesthatyourchildshouldbecomemoreflexibleandcreativeinrelationshipsorwhen
appearinginfrontofothers.Eventhoughjoyfulnessandpositivitywillhelpthemattracttheattentionof
others, they also need to be responsible for the opinions they express, and avoid changing their mind
constantly when communicating with those around them. This will help them have more self-respect
and others will also respect them more. Your child should demonstrate confidence, enthusiasm and
flexibility in every communication opportunity. Sometimes, they also need to get over the desire to
maintaintheiropinionsandavoidsituationswheremisunderstandingscanarise.Theyshoulddetermine
whatisimportantandwillhelpthemachievesuccess.
15
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 6
TheMaturityNumberrevealswhatyourchildshoulddoandwhattheyshould
focus on in order to advance their career to the best of their abilities during
themostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber6indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldchoosea
paththatenablesthemtotakecareofandbeattentivetoothers,asnumber 6
is associated with being responsible to one’s family, developing one’s capacity
tolove,andlearninghowtobeofservicetothecommunity.
Your child should be loving and generous to others both in their personal life
andintheircareer.Theyshouldalsospreadlovetothoselessfortunate,which
theycanachievethrough philanthropic work.
24
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 4 indicates that the decisions your child makes are often very
practical. They do not make quick decisions, and instead think carefully, study available
information and data thoroughly, then evaluate the potential solution. They always want to
havethedatareadybeforemakingthedecision.
Such a data-driven, assured and safe way of thinking sometimes means that when your child
hasinsufficientinformation,makingdecisionsisoftentime-consumingordifficult.
43
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 9
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Having Subconscious Self Number 9 will help your child maintain a focus on noble values and being of
servicetoothers.Thisnumberinfluenceseverydecisiontheymakeandthemoretheyactinaccordanceto
it,thebettertheirabilitytoattracttheresourcesthatwillhelpthemachievetheirgoals.
You can help your child harness the power of this number by consistently teaching them to have a
multidimensional and comprehensive perspective on any given problem, and to look at the problem in
relation to those around them. In other words, they need to take other people's interests into
consideration.
59
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 6
(age 0 - age 32)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period when your child needs to focus on taking care of familial affairs. They should spend more
time for their family because the energy associated with family and taking care of loved ones will help
their career progress smoothly. During this period, there is no need for them to overexert themselves or
raceagainstanything.Instead,theyshouldfocusontheirfamilyfirst,thenonthecommunity.
During this period, your child will be considerate, caring and helpful to their family and other people
aroundthem,andfilltheirworldwithloveandaffection.Theyshouldactivelyengageinsowingseeds,for
example,bydonatingtochildrenofimpoverishedfamiliesortohomelesspeoplebecausetheywillradiate
an energy of altruism, magnanimity and compassion. Should they be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessingswillbebestoweduponthem.
This is also a time when your child feels a stronger sense of responsibility. Their life will mostly revolve
aroundbeingofservicetoothers,whichisalsothelessontheymustlearn.Therefore,evenwhentheyare
still young, you must be a role model for them on how to be attentive, caring and helpful to people.
Developing these qualities in their everyday life will help them successfully complete their Pinnacle 6.
Their family will serve as a solid foundation for their development, a safe haven where they can always
findshelter,andalsothelaunchingpadfortheircareer.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 32 - age 41)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 41 - age 50)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 9
(age 50 - age 59)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
YourchildisextremelyfortunatetohavethePinnacleNumber9intheirlifejourney,becausethisnumber
representstheconvergenceoftheothernumbers’mostwonderfulqualities:fame,wealthandhumanistic
values.
This is also a period when they will have the ability to expand their business abroad and establish great
international friendships. To be able to seize these opportunities, they must focus on learning new
languagesanddeveloping internationalcommunicationanddiplomaticskills.
Becomingaguide who delivers humanisticvaluesto the world will be awonderful missionthatyour child
needstofulfillduringaPinnacleNumber9.Theyshouldalsoactivelyengageinphilanthropic workorjoin
communities that create noble values. Encourage them to have a strong sense of responsibility and take
onleadershiprolesintheseactivitiesbecausetheywillcertainlyexcelintheirrole.
This is also the time for your child to figure out what actually makes them happy and then focus on it. If
they find satisfaction in creative self-expression, or wish to focus on their family or relationships, they
shouldinvestmoretimeinto theseareas.Thisisaveryspecialperiod,andiftheymanagetosetpriorities
appropriately, theywillbeabletorememberitwithabsolutefondnessinthefuture.
95
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Nguyen Hermione Tiana
22/11/2023
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 5
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is associated with issues that are related to flexibility, adaptability and
breakthroughs. Your child will needto make back-to-back changes, make risky choices,and break outof
theircomfortzonetoseizethenewopportunities thatcomeintotheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is also a reminder that your child must learn to appreciate what they have, have
better self-control and avoid wasting so much time on fleeting pleasures or emotions that they neglect
theirgoals.
At work, your child needs to be more determined and find unique ways to express themselves. They
should freshen themselves up, change the way they work or manage, and be more flexible and creative
whenitcomestoimplementation.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41