Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
GEIN ACADEMY, where the 3 competencies essential to
a child’s development are nurtured:
MORALITY – WISDOM – EFFORT
Cultivating Morality
• Living a life of gratitude,
compassion, love and respect for
others.
• Honest, self-respecting, humble.
• Respectful, well-behaved,
hardworking.
Honing Effort
• Having the courage to do difficult
things and break out of one’s
comfort zone.
• Determined, patient, resilient, and
able to follow through with anything
instead of giving up.
• Remaining calm in the face of any
hardships, challenges or ups and
downs in life.
Seeking Wisdom
• Constantly learning, able to
recognize good and evil, as well as
identify the cause and effect of
every problem in order to make
sound judgments.
• Knowing right from wrong,
improving oneself daily in order to
make the right choices and avoid
making mistakes in life.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
VISION
To become a nursery for budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young talents who will be responsible for the sustainable
advancement of society
MISSION
To accompany parents on the journey of nurturing, guiding and developing their
children in an environment:
Wise Teachers – Essential Books – Valuable Friends
Which constitute the optimal foundation for their success.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
“3-root” Personality Tree
MORALITY WISDOM EFFORT
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
A letter
GEIN
From the founders of
Dearest Ngô Anh Minh ,
Congratulations on obtaining your very own Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for young talents. This map will serve as a compass that enables
you and your parents to find the key to your future, and guides you on the life path
that has been destined for you.
There is a saying that goes “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree.” Every child
is a product of the household and environment that they grow up in. A lot of children
are born and raised without receiving appropriate guidance from their parents and
therefore become confused and disoriented later in life. Any parents that are having
difficulties accompanying their children or giving them a suitable environment for their
development, will find Kid Talent Map the “key” to their every problem.
The numbers in the map will help you identify your talents, as well as the path and
mission that the universe gave you the moment you were born. This information can
absolutely help your parents chart a course for your development and accompany you on
your journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, you will be met with
glorious success every step of the way; going in the wrong direction, however, you will
get lost and have to spend a lot of time finding your way back.
For this very reason, we, the founders of Global Education Initiatives Joint Stock
Company (GEIN Academy), have devoted great efforts and applied our experience to the
development of Kid Talent Map in order to help your parents activate your true
potential and create the ideal conditions for your development.
We'd like to say thank you to you and your parents for putting your trust in Kid Talent
Map and GEIN Academy on your journey of self-discovery and personal development.
With love!
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
What is Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a success navigation map exclusively for young talents
and their parents. Cognizant of the fact that education and the
environment they grow up in are fundamental to a child's development,
GEIN Academy has devoted great efforts to the research of a navigation
mapexclusivelydesignedforyoungtalents.
Kid TalentMap will reveal to you andyour child which talentsthey really
have and what kind of environment will be the most conducive to the
cultivation and development of these talents. Moreover, Kid Talent Map
can also accompany them in the process of devising plans for their
future and for the life stages and missions that the universe has given
them.
Most importantly, Kid Talent Map is also the key to your child’s heart,
which will help you better understand and accompany them on their
journey towards adulthood, and become the best parent and friend you
canbetothem.
Scientific basis of Kid Talent Map?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific research project conducted by GEIN Academy on
the basis of Pythagorean Numerology and Map For Success, another success
navigationmapGEINAcademyhaspreviouslydeveloped.
Map For Success helps each person perform deep self-reflection in order to
remedy their weaknesses, build on their strengthsand accurately develop their
natural talents, thereby leading a fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be
of serviceto society.
GEIN’steam of experts have compileddata fromover 30,000 MapsForSuccess
of our clients in Vietnam, and dedicated thousands of hours to analyzing
children-related studies and parenting approaches. Afterwards, we conducted
a survey on hundreds of parents to confirm our findings, then applied them to
thereal-lifeprocessof parentingandnurturingchildren.
This is the scientific foundation for the creation and development of the Kid
TalendMap youareholdinginyourhands.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
3 1 22
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the traits that can
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing help your children succeed or cause
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life. them to fail. Parents can exploit
Points parents need to pay attention
their strengths to help your children
to in the process of raising children.
come to success.
1 7 4
LIFE PATH –DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
xx
6 1 7
SOUL URGE –PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-35 years old
your child in the eyes of others.
xx
2,3
KARMIC LESSON
NUMBER
Weaknesses that parents can help
their child remedy
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
3 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,5,7,8
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life.
3,3,0,6
CHALLENGE NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
face and the way parents can help
your child overcome difficulties
7
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Representing an everlasting flame, Number 3 is the first of the Creative numbers. It is also associated
withtheimageofanisoscelestriangle,whichsymbolizescreativity,discoveryandconstantgrowth.
Your child is highly energetic and charismatic. They constantly want to express their opinions and
thoughts about everything around them. They are also very active, like to explore and can be on the
movealldaywithoutfeelingtired.
Yourchildtendstodisplayacheerfulandoutgoingpersonality,aswellasagreatsenseofhumoranda
charmingstyleofcommunication.Theyhaveexcellentdebatingandreasoningskills.Theywillstandby
theiropinionsuntiltheendiftheyperceivethemtoberight.
Highly creative, your child is naturally talented at arts and crafts, painting or composing music. They
alsopayalotofattentiontotheirappearanceandknowhowtopresentthemselveswell.
16
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER- 3
STRENGTHS
Yourchildisverytalkativeandenjoyscommunicatingwithothers,whichenablesthemtoexpresstheir
opinionsinaclearandreasonablemanner,andtocomeoutontopindebates.Theyarealmostalways
cheerfulandanimated,whichbringjoytothosearoundthem.
Your child likes exploring, experiencing new things and being constantly active, and is therefore very
intelligent, quick-witted, perceptive and creative. They can easily adapt to an unfamiliar environment
andeventeachandguideotherstodothesame.
Your child usually stands out from other children of the same age thanks to their ability to
communicate with, persuade and appeal to any crowd. They also know how to present themselves in
ordertohaveadistinctive,uniqueandattractiveappearance.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Your child’s energy level can sometimes be excessive, which means they are so chatty and active that
others become tired from trying to keep up with them. When things do not go their way, they easily
losetheirtemperandevenlashout.However,theywillnotstaythatwayforlongandlightenuprather
quickly.
Due to your child’s ability to reason and debate, you may find that they talk back to you too much for
your liking. In an argument, they tend to be overly competitive and adamantly defend their views
insteadoftakingthereasoningsofotherpartiesintoconsideration.
17
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldgivethem the freedom to beactive and exploreasmuchasthey wantbecausethatis how
theygettoknowtheworldaroundthemandreleasethelargeamountofenergytheyhave.Youshould
also pay attention to nurturing their artistic or creative talents, and encourage them to participate in
activitiesthatinvolveputtingonaperformancesuchasmusic,actingorpublicspeaking.
Additionally, you should be a role model for your child regarding how to listen to other people and
respect their feelings. When they become angry, you should patiently explain the situation to them
and help them release their anger in a healthy manner. They particularly love receiving compliments,
soyoushouldsparenoencouragementandrecognitionwhenever theyaccomplishsomething.
Youcanalsodevelopyourchild’slinguisticskillsbyencouragingthemtoreadbooks,givepresentations
onacertaintopic,orcreateartisticorliteraryworks.
18
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 3
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Talkative and good at debates
• Able to bring inspiration and positive energy to others
• Able to stand out among a crowd
• Enjoys being active, exploring and expressing their creativity
• Can be quick-tempered, impulsive and argumentative
LESSON
Life Path Number 3 indicates that your child’s lesson is to become an inspirational speaker
who uses the power of language to uplift others.
19
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 1
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Highly independent, self-reliant and strong-willed, your child is usually able to handle their personal
problems quickly and effectively. They have a lot of confidence in their abilities and rarely need help,
even when the problem is serious. However, their abilities alone are sometimes not enough to solve
the problem,especially whenthey are in needof emotional support. Youshould helpthem learn how
to have a broader perspective, tame their ego, consult the opinions of those around them and ask for
theirhelpwhennecessary.Masteringtheseskillswillenablethemtosucceedeverystepofthewayon
theirlifejourney.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 22
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomeacreatorofgreatvaluesandanarchitectofgrandprojects.Theyhave
thevisionofastrategist,thepracticalwayofthinking ofatechnician,andthewillpowerofawarrior.
Even from a young age, your child shows themselves to be a daring and ambitious person who can
dreambig.Theywanttochangetheworldaroundthemandmaketheiruniquemark.OfalltheDestiny
Numbers, number 22 has the most potential for success. However, having dreams or ambitions that
aretoobigcansometimesmakethemanxiousandafraid;theybecomedoubtfulaboutthemselvesand
their own abilities. Notably, if number 4’s energy is dominant, they will limit themselves and try to
settleforasafeandstablelifesituation,eventhoughtheyfeelconflictedandunsettledontheinside.If
thatisthecase,youmustconsistentlygivethemmotivationandencouragement,aswellashelpthem
make plans and break down goals in order to take steps towards success and avoid giving up or
becomingdemotivatedmidwaythrough.
Generallyspeaking,theyareverylikelytobecomesuccessfulthankstotheirexcellentleadershipskills,
exceptional willpower and impeccable self-discipline. You should enable them to hone their ability to
organize and structure their work, and maintain self-discipline for extended periods of time.
Additionally, their rigid and practical way of thinking can make them materialistic, apathetic and
indifferent to other people’s problems. You need to be cautious of this and orient them towards
projectsthatbenefitthecommunityandcreatelong-lastingvaluesforthefuture.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 1
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 1 indicates that your child needs to become
independent, self-reliant andstandontheir owntwo feet. To be able to learntheir life
lessonandfulfilltheir destiny,they mustalwaysbe proactiveanddecisive,andidentify
clear goals in everything they do. You should allow them to decide for themselves and
teach them to take responsibility for their decisions. Instead of doing things or making
decisions for them, let them express their views, teach them how to break down their
goalsandallowthemtomaketheirownchoices.
Once your child has developed this ability, they will become a self-reliant person who
knows how to make the right decisions without having to depend on other people’s
opinions. The only things they need to do is to focus on themselves, understand what
they must or should do to reach their goals, stand up when they are fallen, and take
initiativesinturningtheirdreamsandambitionsintoreality.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 7
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 7 indicates that your child loves learning, prefers to do their own research and has
an analytical mind. Whenever they come across something interesting, they often spend a lot of time
contemplatingitinsolitude.Theyfeelthehappiestwhentheyareleftalonetocontemplatetheirideas
to their heart’s content. Havingaprofound way of thinking,they are drawnto life’s mysteriesand will
not do superficial things. They enjoy being in nature but dislike noisy environments and public
indecency.
However, spending too much time alone can make your child prone to mood swings and being
emotionally drained. At the same time, they may find it difficult to communicate their feelings, which
makesiteasyforthemto bemisunderstood.If suchasituationpersists,they riskdevelopingthe habit
of being secretive and dishonest, or even depression. You must help them be more grounded and
presentintherealworldinsteadofperpetuallybeingintheirownworld.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 4
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 4 indicates that your child is able to do things that require meticulousness and
attentiontodetails.Theyprefertolearnthroughtheoriesinaclearanddetailedmanner,soyoushould
give them access to books written about the subjects they are interested in. They are also organized,
tactful, practical, hardworking and devoted. Therefore, you can help them further develop these
qualities by teaching them how to organize daily personal matters, and cultivate the qualities of self-
disciplineanddeterminationinthem.
Having Birthday Number 4, your child dislikes taking too many risks, and instead learns by taking
cautiousactionsandhavingadisciplinedlifestyle.Therefore,eventhoughtheymightworkmoreslowly
than children with other Birthday Numbers, they make fewer mistakes and tend to do well from the
beginning. They are also self-disciplined,responsibleandindependent,which usually earns themother
people’strust.
Additionally, your child is capable of managing both their own and other people’s problems. Most
parents of children with Birthday Number 4 will be surprised to find that even from a young age, they
spend a lot of time working hard to prepare for their future, and can give very helpful and practical
advice to others. However, they can sometimes be excessively serious and devoted. You should teach
them how to relax and enjoy life more, and have a more flexible approach to life instead of being too
rigidanddisciplined.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 6
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are warm, friendly and gentle. They are observant and
sensitive enough, both intellectually and emotionally, to accurately sense the conditions of those around
them. If they can see that their parents or friends are displaying distressed facial expressions, they will
approach and check on them, or do anything they deem necessary to be sympathetic and caring towards
them.Inanegativeenvironment,theywillfindithardtobecheerfulbecauseofhoweasyitisforthemto
beaffectedbyothersemotionally.
The warmth your child radiates always helps other people feel at ease. Therefore, they tend to have a lot
offriendsandareverywell-liked.
You,your child’s teachers and other people around them have nothing to worry about when they are the
one responsible for a task because of their strong sense of responsibility. They will try their best to
completethetaskinordertoavoidmakingothersworriedforthem.
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 1
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
Thisnumberindicatesthatyourchildshouldbemorecandidandstraightforwardineverythingthey do,
and should not hesitate to assert their views. In any situation where misunderstandings can arise, they
needtoremaincalmontheinsideandmaintainemotionalbalancebeforeexpressingtheiropinion.They
shouldbeconfident,strongandassertiveinthewaytheycommunicatewithothers.Poisewillhelpthem
makeagreatimpressiononothers.
11
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 7
TheMaturity Numberreveals what your childshould do andwhat they should
focusoninordertoadvancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthe
mostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber7indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldfocuson
their personal development in terms of knowledge and spirituality. This is the
time for them to prioritize improving themselves, learning constantly, and
becomingsomeonewhocanhelpothersgainmoreknowledge.
They should develop a better idea of who they are, spend more time studying
spirituality, and find themselves a life mentor. Once their knowledge has
expanded, they need to share it with others to elevate their intellect to new
heights.
During this period, the more they improve themselves vertically, the more
experienced they will become, which will prepare them for the next stage of
theirlife.
25
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 3
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 3 indicates that your child might struggle with expressing themselves and
communicating their feelings. This can lead to one of two scenarios: they become shy and reserved
towards comments or attention, or they adopt an uncontrollably competitive and aggressive attitude.
Inability to express themselves in a healthy way will lead to mood swings and make them prone to
losingtheirtemperandlashingout.
You should encourage your child to engage in activities that involve creativity such as performing at
school, journaling or creating content in order to release their inner feelings, and to discover the
talentsthattheymightbeabletopursue,whetherprofessionallyorjustasahobby.
33
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 3 indicates that your child has a quick and unique way of thinking;
the ideas that they can come up with often surprise others. Faced with a problem, they tend
to have a lot of ideas. When working among a group of friends, they always have unique,
creativeandinnovativethoughts.
This type of thinking will become evenmore prominentas your childmatures,which enables
them to come up with many unique ideas and solutions. The deeper they look, the more
possibilities and opportunities they can create in places no one else could think of. Theirs
represents an innovative type of thinking and outlandish approaches. However, sometimes
theirideasarestillinfluencedbyemotionalfactors.
42
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 7
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious SelfNumber7indicatesthatyour childcanharnessthe power ofintuition whenitcomesto
assessingthepeopleandproblemsintheirlife.Aslongastheycanremaincalmandclear-headed,theywill
beabletofindtheoptimalsolution.
To help your child utilize the power of Subconscious Self Number 7, you should encourage them to focus
onandactivelythinkabouttheir problems,identify andanalyzetheoptimalsolution,aswellasvisualizea
mental picture of what the desired results might look like. They should keep their eyes on the most
positive outcomes even when they will be difficult to achieve, as away to employ the law of attraction to
manifestpositiveresultsnomattertheproblemtheyarefacing.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9
(year of 2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1
(year of 2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2
(year of 2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3
(year of 2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4
(year of 2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 6
(month of 4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 6, your child will be influenced by the energy of being caring and loving.
They should focus on learning how to be attentive to and taking care of others, and be ready to assist
anyone that needs their help. As they may struggle with adjusting or being responsible towards others’
needs, you should stay close and support them every step of the way. For instance, this is a good time for
youandyourchildto takecareoflovedones,or do houseworktogethertoconnectwithandbecaring and
lovingtowardseachother,whichwillbeextremelyhelpfultothemduringPersonalMonthNumber6.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 7
(month of 5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
PersonalMonthNumber7isthetimeforyourchildtofocusonthingsthattheyareinterestedinorwant
to explore. During this period, being able to do so will help them be calm, happy, and regain balance,
which allows them to come up with new ideas that canimprove their life. Being independent and doing
things on their own might be a challenge for them, but life will inevitably demand these qualities from
them, so you should help your child develop them during Personal Month Number 7. Moreover, you
shouldspendthistimeaccompanyingthemintakingalookattheplanstheyhavefortheirstudyortheir
lifeinordertoseeifthereisanythingtheyneedtoadjustorrestructure.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 8
(month of 6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child will feel energized. This is the time for them to wrap up the projects they
have started and focus on reaching the finish lines. Even the smallest effort will still be able to bring
concreteresults,soyoushouldmakesurethattheysetappropriateprioritiesfortheirpersonallife.
If there is anything your child has long wantedto do but never hadthe courage,time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, they can only achieve results with enough inspiration and
motivation. Therefore, you need to support them in their efforts to reach their goals. Additionally, you
shouldgivethemenoughtimetorestandrelaxaftertheyhaveworkedorstudiedhard.
85
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 2
(age 0 - age 33)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
“Connection” is one of the essential elements of this period. Your child should choose a career that
involvesconnectingpeople,bringingthemtogether,helpingthemunderstandeachotherandsolvingtheir
problems.
“Givewhileyoustillcan”isthemottothattheuniversewantsyourchildtolivebyduringthisperiod.They
shouldlearnhowtosowseedsinthemostfertilesoil.
This is a period of contemplation and an increased level of communication. Quality relationships will be a
foundationthatyourchildmustfocusonbuilding.Duringthistime,theyshouldapproachwhomeverthey
need to approach, and establish relationships with whomever they need to be associated with.
Additionally, they need to focus on inner development, tap into their intuition and keep their thoughts
undercontrol.Theymustshowsinceritytobeabletoconnectwithanybodyandearntheirtrust.
Duringthisperiod,yourchildwill needtoexplore boththeirinner worldandtheoutside world,andhone
theirintuitioninordertorecognizeothers’feelings anddesires.Atthesametime,theyalsoneedtolearn
how to develop an understanding between their inner world and the relationships and problems around
them.Thiswillhelpthemmakeaccuratejudgments andknowhowtobehavemoreflexiblyandtactfully.
88
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 33 - age 42)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 42 - age 51)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 51 - age 60)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 3
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 3 indicates that your child needs to pay attention to matters related to the language
theyuse.Theymustalwaysbeawareofwhattheyareabouttosayinordertoavoidmisunderstandings.
Theyshouldalsoalwaysspeakwordsoflove.
Your child must also learn how to maintain emotional balance and remain calm to solve their problems.
Upon realizing that they are having negative emotions, they should rein them in so that they do not get
intoconflictsbylosingself-control.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 0
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 0 can represent good fortune in everything your child does, provided they live their
life in accordance with their Pinnacle Number. They need to believe in their own powers and become a
more confident, independent and courageous version of themselves. Should your child fail to live by
their Pinnacle Number, Challenge Number 0 will instead signify the many challenges and lessons that
they must face and learn as a result of their inability to be independent in their every action and
decision.Therefore,it’simperativethattheyfocusonfollowingtheirPinnacleNumber.
99
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Ngô Anh Minh
22/07/2017
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER- 6
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 6 is associated with your child’s responsibilities to their family. Your child must learn
howtomaintainbalancebetweenthemselves,theirfamilyandtheircareer.Theyshouldbemoreloving,
caringandempathetictowardsthosearoundthem.
Your child can sometimes have extremely high expectations for themselves and those around them. If
this is the case, they should try to be less judgmental, critical and demanding of themselves and others.
Instead, they should open up and communicate their thoughts in order to receive others’ affection and
understanding inreturn.Familyiswheretheyneedtobuildasolidfoundationfirst.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42