Le Helen
06/08/1995Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Le Helen,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19950806DS3S3C
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
01 02 03
2 2 7
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
5 6 6
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
1 5 9
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
1,2,4,6,7,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
5 3 5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,3,8,5
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
2,0,2,2
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
01. Life Path Number - 2
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 2’s were born to connect, mediate, and reconcile even the most extreme of conflicts.
You arepatient,agoodlistener andlive inservice ofothers.
Highly adept at assisting others, you have the potential to be a perfect spouse, friend, or
employee. Individuals with Life Path number 2 always seek balance in everything around them.
Life Path number 2 represents an entry by individuals with exceptional spirituality in their
personality into thisplane ofexistence, which canlead themtobecomegreatpeacemakers.
You are also a romantic person who likes to daydream and was born seemingly to love and be
loved. You are remarkably loving, magnanimous and compassionate. It is easy for you to set
your egoaside tobein harmonywith thosearoundyou.
Ability to connect Romance
Energy of Number 2
Number 2 is the second number in the binary numeral system, and is the number of service,
peace, balance and connection. It is the first number that can be divided, and therefore
supportingfundamentaldivision. Itis thenumberofassistantsandsupporters.
Characteristics
You are an excellent listener who has the ability to easily sympathize with and understand
others. You know how to make people feel comfortable. You can negotiate with different parties
and utilize your diplomatic capabilities to achieve consensus, as well as resolve problems by
persuasion instead of coercion. With your help, a compromise that satisfies all parties without
causing muchdisagreementwill bequicklyreached.
19Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
01. Life Path Number - 2
Number 2’s are usually cautious when making decisions, and feel the need to seek advice and
assistancefrom others. Because of this, people tend torespect their opinions and consider them
tohave goodjudgment.You help everyone in theteamseeeachother'spoint ofview.
You possess a broader perspective and are more purpose-oriented than most people. These
traits can be captivating to others andgreatly beneficial to society. You enjoy immersing yourself
in mystical enigmas and exploring hidden corners of the world. Individuals who carry number 2’s
positive energy have a very fair and balanced personality, as they are able to consider every
aspect of an argument. An excellent mediator, you often help others achieve consensus. Your
thinking and emotions exhibit honesty and open-mindedness, and you tend to see the bright
sides intheworld aroundyou.
Another notabletrait of numbers 2 is their strong intuition. You are ableto instantly sense others’
feelingsandformaccurateopinions onthoseyou meetfromtheveryfirstencounters.
Peacemaker The scale of justice
Career
Number 2’s rarely harbor ambitions to become leaders, and instead are more suited for
cooperating with others. You are a great fit for occupations that allow for stability where you are
not required to meet strict deadlines. Your ideal working environment should not be too stressful
andcompetitive;otherwise,you will be putunderimmensepressure.
Counselor, teacher and healer are career paths that can help you achieve success and
satisfaction. Possessing a sensitive affinity for the arts, you can also excel in the fields of music,
architecture, advertising, diplomacy, law, negotiation, fashion, or other career paths that involve
attentiontodetails.
20Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
01. Life Path Number - 2
Strengths
You are an adaptable and caring person who enjoys helping others, is sensitive to people’s
problems and has a great collaborative spirit. You have the ability to make fair judgements and
assessments, and are modest and outspoken. You are also strongly influenced by spiritual
tendenciesandpossessexcellent diplomatic skills.
Number 2 also indicates great artistic sensibility and an affinity for the arts. Individuals with Life
Path number 2 are able to elegantly navigate relationships. You can be described as an expert
in connecting and communicating with people. You rarely project your own views on others, and
thereforeusually createacomfortableand amiableatmosphereforthosearoundyou.
Listening Sensibility
Weaknesses
Number 2’s must keep tabs of their negative emotions. Sometimes, you can be a little too
cautious and wary of new things. Indeed, number 2’s are averse to any kind of losses, pains,
anxieties andfears. Even when number 2’sfeelings arehurt,they will suffer in silence andrarely
communicate. You should not bottle up your feelings for extended periods of time, which can
causeillnesses suchasdepressionormentaldisorders.
21Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
01. Life Path Number - 2
Wordsof advice
The path of personal development recommended for number 2’s is to focus on the strong
intuition they were born with. This will help you develop self-confidence and the ability to
surround yourself with suitable companions. Number 2’s must also learn how to control their
emotions and sharpen their minds. This will help you gain more trust in yourself and direct you
towardshappiness inthefuture.
Rest and relaxation are vital to number 2’s ability to maintain balance and recharge energy. You
should setasidetimewithin your daily schedulestoexercise, practicebreathingandmeditate.
Possessing number 2’s positive energy, you truly are a blessing to this world as a
compassionate and gracious soul. You are an excellent listener who can sympathize with and
understandotherseffortlessly.
• Able to sympathize and listen • Sensitive to others’ feelings
• Able to sense people’s feelings • Able to understand and empathize with
others
• Able to connect and mediate
• Forgiving and tolerant
• Loving spirit
• Great communication skills
• Gentle, amiable, and peace-loving
• Romantic and sensible
• Highly intuitive
• Having no desire for fame
• Having no difficulty attracting wealth
Learning how to connect and empathize with others.
22Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
02. Balance Number - 2
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces the difficulties and challenges that come
theirway inlife
People with Balance Number 2 always want to solve problems in a peaceful manner.
Facing conflicts, they will step back and sacrifice.
When presenting with different choices, they should utilize their sharp intuition to
choose the right one. Their gut feelings and the decisions they make intuitively are
usually the correct one.
23Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
03. Destiny Number - 7
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to become an expert or even a strategist.
You are very capable of investigating and analyzing information. Your life is guided by
factual, tangible data and the assessments you can make from it. On the other hand,
you are also highly intuitive. Your mission is to package knowledge in a way that it can
be transferred and taught to people.
You must constantly expand your knowledge, as you can be described as a sponge
that absorbs information instantly. Life has blessed you with exceptional intellect; you
must learn how to utilize it to make contributions to the world in return. People with
Destiny Number 7 have brilliant minds. People might not understand what you have to
say in the moment, but heeding your words will certainly bring them success.
You have excellent observation skills and will be at your best when equipped with
adequate spiritual awareness. Your mission is to share the gift of wisdom you have
received with the world.
24Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 5
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to be creative and will find success by experimenting with different
choices and paths. You also need to learn how to express your personal views in a
flexible and open-minded manner. Being brave, daring and adventurous will help you
achieve many things.
You must experiment with different choices, learn how to adapt and be willing to change
when you are in new circumstances and environments.
25Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
05. Soul Urge Number - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the
reason behind what you do and how
you do it. It can explain the root
cause of the decisions you make and
the way you react to everything and
everyonearoundyou.
This is a very important number as it
can help you make sense of every
desire and dissatisfaction you have,
as well as give you the direction
towardssuccess.
People with Soul Urge Number 6 are willing to sacrifice their own happiness if it means
they can make someone else happy. You care about people more than their own family
and friends do. People with Soul Urge Number 6 extend their love to everyone: friends,
family, and even strangers who are in distress.
As an old saying goes, it is always better to give than it is to receive. You live to help
others and bring them joy and relief. You are more concerned for the lives of others than
you are for your own. This is how much you love people. The greatest pleasure you can
get occurs when you are able to help people solve whatever problem they are having at
the moment.
26Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
06. Birthday Number - 6
The Birthday Number tells you what your
natural talents are, and what gifts the
Universe has blessed your personality with
onthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive you as
whentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number, you
willfindoutwhichenvironmentcanenable
you to fully harness your wonderful
qualities.
People with Birthday Number 6 tend to yearn for a harmonious life and therefore possessunique charms.
This is reflected in the fact that they have a comprehensive way of thinking. Number 6 is associated with
friendship, love,health, beauty and wisdom.People with this BirthdayNumberhave verywarm and loving
hearts. This is how Numerology perceives interpersonal relationships, which evidently differs completely
fromitsperception ofperfection.
You might not be the most beautiful or attractive person, but you often have your own unique charms.
However, regardless of the way you look, you possess an energy that makes you stand out among a
crowd. From your manners, the way you dress, to your appearance – everything is handled with great
care – in order to be as appealing as possible. People tend to be trusting of you, but you struggle with
expressing your emotions. It’s as if you had come from another world. There is no explanation to this, so
youmustact asamediator orguide.
Friends or coworkers whoseek your advice are always satisfied with what you have tosay. You arerarely
critical of others, but instead accept who they are and readily forgive their flaws or mistakes. You
meticulously evaluate every situation, and nobody can fool you twice. You have a great life, but do not let
it go to your head. Nevertheless, some might still think you are perfectly happy, which cannot be further
from the truth. You tend to have a materialistic perspective on love; financial situation is a non-negotiable
factor in regard to what you look for in a partner. You believe that those who consider love a game and
disregardthereality oflifewill have topaythepricefortheirdelusions.
People with Birthday Number 6 should try to communicate their emotions more if they want to make
friends or look for a life partner. Only then will the other person be attracted to you for who you really are
instead of who you appear to be. Money is the most important thing to you. You do not dream of
becoming a millionaire or having a giant mansion, but you still consider money to be a vital part of a
wealthy life. People with Birthday Number 6 generally live peaceful lives. In short, this is a great Birthday
Number.
27Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
07. Personality Number - 1
The personality number
reveals what kind of
impression you make on
others when they first
meet you. In other
words, it describes the
energy or characteristics
that you are projecting
totheworld.
People with Personality Number 1 constantly want to demonstrate their leadership
talents to the world. They are saying to everyone, “Let me lead your team, I’m certain I
will succeed.”
Like everyone else, people with Personality Number 1 are still human, and therefore are
bound to go through failures which they must learn from. You just don't want other
people to see you make such mistakes, as it may mean those people will no longer give
you the admiration they yearn for. People with Personality Number 1 are eager to move
forward in their lives, and are not afraid of handling negative situations as they come up.
Others consider you someone who can stay strong in the face of difficult situations.
People with Personality Number 1 care deeply about their image and how people
perceive them. Because of this, whenever you feel scared or vulnerable, you try to hide
those feelings from people.
28Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 5
We always have certain views regarding
ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a
bridge between your self-image and how others
perceive you. This number gives you advice on
how to adjust the way you are so that people do
notmisunderstand you.
You are perceived by those around you as someone who is impartial and, sometimes,
even indifferent. You rarely stand up for your opinions, something that you must practice
doing more in order to gain self-respect as well as the respect of others. To be able to
succeed, you need to broaden your vision and have courage.
You must also learn how to be more flexible and adaptable. To achieve this, try doing
something you have never done in your life. You will immediately feel the difference!
29Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
09. Maturity Number - 9
The Maturity Number tells you what you
should do and what to focus on in order to
advance your career to the best of your
abilities duringthemost productive period of
yourlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
In this period, the work you do must be
educational and help people become
enlightened.
You will be drawn towards careers that
deliver humanistic values to the world. You
should find an occupation that enables you
to spread the message about noble values,
as well as to bring inspiration and positive
energy to others.
30Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies
that we were not naturally gifted
withwhenwecametothisworld.
The absence of this number means a lack of self-control, positive energy and
leadership capabilities. Number 1 carries the lesson of becoming mature and improving
oneself.
People who have Karmic Lesson Number 1 should step out of their comfort zones and
take charge of their own lives. You need to learn how to generate positive energy for
yourself. You must also control your emotions and actions, and bring yourself into line.
This is because only when you have control of your shortcomings, will your life go the
way you want it to.
31Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
32Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
This number indicates that you must learn how to be determined and disciplined, and
how to study and work with clear goals and plans.
You must always remember that self-discipline is the bridge between dreams and reality,
between visions and practical results. No matter which field you work in, these qualities
will always be fundamental to your success.
33Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
34Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 7
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
This number indicates that you are not determined enough at sharpening your
knowledge and expertise on a deeper level.
You need to be more demanding of yourself, and to observe and assess your own
abilities in order to make progress. You should also practice evaluating every problem
in a careful and in-depth manner. The inability to fully understand important issues can
lead to major failures in your career.
35Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
36Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
11. Rational Thought Number - 5
This is a special number that
reflects the way you think
and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this
number does not tell you
anything about your life path
or subconscious, and instead
has to do with your way of
thinking.
Basically, this number
reveals the way you act in
stressful situations. It
indicates the quality of the
solutions that you can come
up with, and the types of
opportunities that will come
toyou.
You are a very intelligent person who doesn't want to settle with being ordinary. Your
thoughts are oriented in a way that makes everything a little bit special because you
need to make a statement, no matter how big or small, in everything you do. When you
face a problem, the solution usually comes easily, spontaneously, and quickly. But then
you need to create an elaborate plan to actually solve the problem. This is where your
creativity comes in.
First, you think of every possible outcome that may result from the situation, and only
after that can you look for ways to make it happen. This is referred to as a conceptual
style of thinking. You see the first and the last parts of the picture, and get the complete
view by creating the middle part.
37Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
12. Subconscious Self Number - 3
For most of us, life always comes with obstacles. The Subconscious Self Number helps you
focus on the qualities you have that will be the key to overcoming your inner obstacles. These
qualities will sometimes help you handle a certain aspect of a problem, overcome obstacles in
acalmmanner,orevenserve asthemaintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates the qualities you must cultivate to be able to handle any
unexpectedtrouble.
Your motivation and flexibility are the qualities that will help you get through trouble. To
overcome every obstacle in your way, you need to have more confidence in your own
strengths. Whenever you step out of your comfort zone, and try to confront problems
by yourself instead of shying away from them. Being self-sufficient is the key to tackling
all of your problems, because your sense of self-worth will prevent people from taking
advantage of you or hurting you, and will, in general, get you ready for anything.
Additionally, you need to develop administrative skills and a positive way of thinking.
38Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
39Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 3 (year of 2023)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
In a Personal Year 3, you should prepare for a good time. This year is going to be filled
with exciting events in every aspect of your life. Those around you will finally show
appreciation for your efforts. This will happen both at your workplace and in your
relationships. You may have some difficulty with your friendships due to
misunderstandings, but things will improve at the end of the year. You will be swept
away by the flow of life events and work, and therefore will not have much free time this
year, but this is something you will appreciate. When there is free time, you usually
choose to stay home.
Avoid taking rash actions or making impulsive decisions, because failure to manage
yourself may lead to disastrous consequences. Try your best to make it an easy year
for yourself and think of more efficient ways to spend your time.
40Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 4 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This is a year of practical approaches and hard work. You will have to protect yourself to
show others that it’s not easy to trick you, and to prove those who doubt your strengths
wrong. There’s no place for delusions this year. Your long-term authority may also be
compromised. There are a lot of ideas that you have been nurturing; it’s time to develop
and polish them.
Pay attention to how much rest and sleep you are getting; you will need a lot of energy
in order to multitask and make important decisions. Romantic relationships must be set
aside as you will have too many things to handle in your career.
41Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
42Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
43Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2027)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
44Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 9
(month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of
these units has an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life?
What should you do today? What should you not
do? How to schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have
a great life in the long run, go ahead and discover
themeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, your life will experience a
slight imbalance; you may feel demotivated or
defeated without knowing why as everything
around you still seems fine.
You will be more sensitive than usual during this
period. Avoid conflicts because it will be easy
for you to be misunderstood. Try to distract
yourself with activities that can bring you mental
balance. Remember that nothing can soothe
your soul better than the warmth of people you
love.
The best course of action is to focus your
energy on things that will be beneficial both to
you and to others. You should spend time
thinking about your life direction, whether you
like what you are doing or not, and what it is
you were born to do.
45Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 1 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
This is a good time to carry out projects, decisions, ideas and other forms of work. It’s
important to prioritize everything correctly during this period. Do not put too much effort
into things that seem urgent but are actually not important.
You should respect yourself and your time; refrain from taking on responsibilities that
are assigned to you by others. Your best course of action is to spend this valuable time
on yourself and the things you want.
During this period, the universe will favor the actions and efforts that you undertake for
your own benefit. If you come up with a great idea, do not dismiss it; implement it as
soon as you are certain it will be profitable.
46Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
47Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 3
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
48Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
15. Personal Month Number – 4
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
49Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 0 - age 34)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
50Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 3 (age 34 - age 43)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events, people,
possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you prepare
for thesechanges.
This is a period of continuous
creativity when you can shine
your light everyday. You
need to identify who you are,
what you like and what you
are passionate about, which
will all give you a clear image
ofwhoyouareasaperson
You should focus on
“personal branding”, which is
of vital importance to your
career not only during this
period but also in later stages
ofyourlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for you during this period.
Should you be abletomatch the energy ofnumber 3,you will“speak out money.”
This is also the lesson you must learn during this time, which is the lesson of
improving linguistic abilities. You must communicate more and take courses on
subjects like presentation or public speaking to be able to use language in a
flexible and precise way. This is because many people will want to see you speak
andconducttrainingorcoaching.
Always maintain an optimal level of energy, for example, by exercising, listening
to music, taking lessons on how to motivate yourself, etc. You will work with
communities and crowds a lot during this period, therefore, it’s important to be
abletoleavea strongimpressiononothers.
This is a time to delve into the things you like, and to elevate your talent and
hobbies to another level because this Pinnacle favors any form of self-
expression. It is a good time to harness your talent to bring in financial rewards,
fame, or public appreciation. You should be ready not only to seize opportunities
as they appear, but also to initiate and create such opportunities yourself. This
period in your lifeshouldbe associated with an active and purposefulposition.Do
whatyoulike asoftenasyoucan.
51Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 8 (age 43 - age 52)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you must focus on growing your business. The energy
associated with money and wealth is stronger than any other types of energy
during thisperiod.
Ifyou have been planningto start any project, you shouldget toit atonce.It does
not have to be a business operation; as long as you have done enough research,
itistimetogoallout.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your life, and you should seize them as
quickly as possible. During this period, you will be able to reap the rewards–in the
formsofreputationandwealth–ofallthetimeyou havespentondeveloping your
abilities.
This is a time to harvest the fruits of your hard work. You will be appreciated for
who you are and for your honest work. It is important to be attentive to people
around you. This period is usually associated with the revelation of who deserves
to be in your life and who needs to choose another path. Be careful of whom you
trust. However, this period is generally full of positive results in both the material
andspiritual spheres.Ifyou haven't found your purposein life,you willdiscover it
during thistime.Trytotakeadvantage ofitasmuch asyoucan.
52Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
16. Pinnacle Number – 5 (age 52 - age 61)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
adequately preparedat the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This isaperiodthatdemands constantbreakthroughs andinnovation.
During this period, you need to introduce many new things into your life–finding a
new job, working in a new industry, buying a new car or house, you name it–
because thisisagreattimetosetadventurousgoals.
Youshouldchoosecareersthatinvolvecreativityandletyourintellectflowfreely.
Many challenges will come to you during this time, and your job is to single-
mindedly pursue yourgoalsuntilyoureachthefinish line.
Conflicts may occur during this period.Ifyou are aware that what you are about to
do iswrongor unethical,your best betistonot do it.Wereyou toinsist on doingit,
your careeris bound to suffer.Ifany legal issues arise during this time,you should
let someone else handle them on your behalf, as the energy of this period is
relativelyintense andcaneasily lead toconflicts.
During this period, you need to listen to your soul and truly understand your life
purpose. What do you want to do everyday for the rest of your life? This might be
the time to figure it out. You should get some rest to relax your mind and give
yourself some breathing room. Think of ways to discover where you want to go. If
you have always assumed that you already have it figured out, this is a good time
to take another look. Perhaps you should try something new or check back with
the latest updates. Give yourself the chance to explore new things and breathe
fresh airintoyourlife.
53Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
17. Challenge Number - 2
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your main problem during this period lies in your relationships with others and
your tendency to blow things out of proportion. To overcome this challenge, you
will have to seriously develop your reasoning ability, learn how to detach yourself
fromintenseemotions,andbecomemoredisciplined anddecisive.
54Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
55Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Le Helen Date of birth: 06/08/1995
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67