Vũ Đăng Tuệ
08/10/1994Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Vũ Đăng Tuệ,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19941008DM9V1M
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
01 02 03
5 1 7
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
2 3 8
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
4 1 3
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
6,8,9
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
9 6 3,4,5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
7,8,9,1,2 4,5,6,7, 9,4,4,6
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that m8ay happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
7,3,4,4
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
01. Life Path Number - 5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and lessons that you need to experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement should take for you to attain
happiness.
Number 5 is associated with the ultimate freedom,
as well as tremendous creativity and passion.
Discovering the unknown, both in reality and in
theirown minds,is number5’s strength.
You are oriented towards career paths that
involve constantly seeking changes and new
horizons.
Number 5’s believe everyone has the right to
freedomand constantlypursuethis ideal.
•
Extremely free-spirited
Energyof Number5
Number 5 lies at the center of the map and
therefore is associated with being multi-talented
and adaptable, and has the ability to bring other
numberstogether.
The symbol of number 5 is a pentagram that
constantly shines brightly and attracts the
attentionofthosearoundit.
Number 5 represents an extremely strong source
of energy. As a result, individuals with Life Path
number 5 usually find success from innovation
andcreativity. Creativity
19Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
01. Life Path Number - 5
Career
You should never settle for an occupation that
involves sitting still all day and doing the same
thing over and over. Doing boring administrative
work would truly spell a disaster for you. In such a
situation, you would no longer be an energetic
and passionate person, and instead become
jadedandcynical.
At work, you are daring, adaptable and assertive.
You need to be on a career path that constantly
taps into your creativity. The brightest minds
among number 5’s are capable of creating
wonderfully creative and imaginative bodies of
work. If you have readthe Harry Potter series, it is
very likely that you found yourself immersed in its
Challenge winner
magical world, which would be perfectly
understandable as J. K. Rowling is on the Life
Path 5herself.
Suitable career paths for number 5’s include those that allow freedom such as writer, reporter,
translator, editor, photojournalist, news anchor, tour guide; and those that involve creativity such
assales,marketing,advertising,andsoon.
Your adaptability, adventurous spirit, and abstract thinking ability will be of great benefit to you.
When life presents you with questions and mysteries, your curiosity drives you to find the
answers faster than anyone else. Do not fret; you are patient and resilient enough to crack the
codesanduncover treasure.
Other important keywords for number 5’s include adaptability and freedom. You are deeply
averse to stagnation and monotony. You are a tireless explorer who is captivated by new ideas
andforeigncultures.Courageis theonequality thatothersareenvious ofyou .
You have the ability to ignite passions within other people and push them towards greatness, as
number 5 is constantlyfull of energy andpassion.Sales maybeaperfect career pathfor you, as
your wit and amiable disposition enable you to bring motivation and joy to others. You are also
adept at selling ideas and concepts thanks to your ability to easily instill thoughts in people's
minds.
You possess charms that are able to captivate others. When you are in a good mood and full of
energy, you will naturally become the center of any crowds. Connecting people is your area of
expertise, which you can perform through any medium, including articles, books, videos, TV,
and so on. You are adept at using communication channels to connect people, gather
information and spread messages. Number 5’s are frequently team leaders who are excellent at
bringingpeople together,which enables themtobecomeexcellent salespeople.
20Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
01. Life Path Number - 5
Strengths
You are able to put forward ambitious plans and
innovative ideas full of imagination. You are
open-minded, adaptable and like constant
changes. Action-oriented, inquisitive and
resourceful, you have the ability to devise
multiple effectivesolutions toaproblem.
Number 5’s are compassionate people who
easily sympathize with those in need. Deep
within them lies a strong motivation to help
othersescapepovertyandsuffering.
Captivativeattraction
Weaknesses
You should develop a mechanism that prevents
you from becoming bored and frustrated when
facing an obstacle. Additionally, be careful not to
become confused from possessing too many
ideas, talents,and abilities.
Another weakness that you need to look out for is
an excessive desire for freedom. You may find
yourself repeatedly moving or traveling in order to
find inspiration. You can also be frequently
switching jobs or changing your mind as the
grass is always greener on the other side to you.
Furthermore, you need to keep your emotions
under control and avoid mood swings from
Center of numbers
extreme highs to extreme lows. Many number 5’s
struggle in their career or love life duetothe need
forconstantchanges.
21Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
01. Life Path Number - 5
Wordsof advice
Once number 5’s have understood their inquisitive
nature and desire to conquer new frontiers, they
need to establish self-discipline. The higher the
degree of discipline and ethics they are able to
maintainforthemselves, theclosertheygettowards
success. You must stay determined in the pursuit of
your goals no matter how many hardships and
obstaclescomeyour way.
You should not be so adventurous as to disregard
the feelings of those around you. Do not let yourself
be dominated by your own ambitions. Number 5’s
need enough personal space to spread their wings,
but should always keep in mind the responsibilities
thatanadult is supposedtotake.
Prominent businessman You should seize every opportunity to shine
anytime and anywhere you can, as you were born
with the ability to radiate a strong field of energy
aroundyou. Takeadvantageofthiswonderfulgift.
You have great potential to become successful as long as you are determined to utilize your
creative talents to be of service to humanity. Should number 5’s be able to fully apply
themselvesandforgotrivial pleasures,itis certainthattheywill maketheirmark!
• Free-spirited and creative • Intelligent • Charming and able to
bring people together
• Adaptable • Able to seize
opportunities • Always ahead of the
• High level of energy
curve
• Graceful manners
• Desire to conquer the world
• Rich imagination
• Positive and cheerful
• Willing to take risks
• Open-minded and
• Excellent at selling products
liberal
and services
• Compassionate
• Resourceful and adept at
problem-solving
Learning how to stay determined and have self-discipline
22Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
02. Balance Number - 1
The Balance Number indicates
how someone faces the
difficulties and challenges that
cometheirwayinlife.
Individuals with Balance Number 1 are self-reliant. You are always willing to give others
a helping hand and readily volunteer to solve their problems. You are able to give
people sound advice, but often feel scared and lonely in the face of your own troubles.
People with Balance Number 1 always want to handle their own problems, and
sometimes try to present themselves as a strong person. They dislike when others feel
bad for them and therefore can be quite stubborn. They are very egotistical, so it is
easy for them to be mistakenly perceived by others as arrogant. When entrusted with a
task, they will strive to complete it to the best of their abilities.
23Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
03. Destiny Number - 7
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to become an expert or even a strategist.
You are very capable of investigating and analyzing information. Your life is guided by
factual, tangible data and the assessments you can make from it. On the other hand,
you are also highly intuitive. Your mission is to package knowledge in a way that it can
be transferred and taught to people.
You must constantly expand your knowledge, as you can be described as a sponge
that absorbs information instantly. Life has blessed you with exceptional intellect; you
must learn how to utilize it to make contributions to the world in return. People with
Destiny Number 7 have brilliant minds. People might not understand what you have to
say in the moment, but heeding your words will certainly bring them success.
You have excellent observation skills and will be at your best when equipped with
adequate spiritual awareness. Your mission is to share the gift of wisdom you have
received with the world.
24Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 2
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to settle differences peacefully and avoid conflicts. Addressing
problems in a straightforward manner is a good thing, but try to be gentler when
expressing your opinions.
You are competent and do not hesitate to help others, but it is still necessary to
establish boundaries with those who seek your help. Value your time and learn how to
prioritize.
25Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
05. Soul Urge Number - 3
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind what you do and how you do it. It can explain
the root cause of the decisions you make and the way you react to everything and everyone
aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfactionyou have,aswellasgiveyou thedirectiontowardssuccess.
Individuals with Soul Urge Number 3 are joyful and love sharing whatever is on their
mind with large groups of people. You love to be the center of attention and make
everyone keep their eyes on you rather than someone else. You are always
straightforward and can express yourself well to a large crowd. This makes people with
Soul urge number 3 perfect for occupations where they must speak to or perform in
front of people.
If you get to make a choice, you will prefer artistic career paths that provide you with
enough “spotlight” to express yourself. You value having freedom when doing your job
rather than following some predetermined set of rules.
26Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
06. Birthday Number - 8
The Birthday Number tells you what
your natural talents are, and what
gifts the Universe has blessed your
personality with on the day you were
born.
This number also reveals the kind of
person you want others to perceive
youaswhentheyworkwithyou.
Understanding your Birthday Number,
you will find out which environment
can enable you to fully harness your
wonderfulqualities.
According tothemajorityof Numerology documents, peoplewithBirthday Number 8tend tobe
skilled in business and financial management. However, their true potential is far greater than
just that. This is evidenced by the long list of celebrities who have this Birthday Number. Many
musiciansand actorswere born withBirthday Number8.
People with Birthday Number 8, no matter which month they were born in, are highly ambitious
and energetic, and have the potential to do great things. You are able to express your
intelligenceand emotions,thereby helpingyouachieveleadershipposition.
It’s hard work to maintain an amicable relationship with people who have Birthday Number 8.
Your life partner must understand and respect who you are as a person. You require absolute
freedom, as independence is one of the most important things to you. In romantic relationships,
you are willing to do anything for your significant other. Therefore, you should choose your life
partner very carefully.
People with Birthday Number 8 tend to have an intense personality. You can be deeply in love
with someone, but are often misunderstood because loving you is not easy. You sometimes
appearstoic despitebeing heavilyemotionalonthe inside,and dislikeexpressing yourfeelings.
You should direct all your focus on a specific goal and avoid being controlled by your emotions.
Once you have learned how to “go with the flow” and accept what happens to you instead of
resisting them, you will become happier and reach your goals more quickly. You are intelligent,
mentallyand spirituallystrong,artisticallytalented,and quite sentimental.
27Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
07. Personality Number - 4
The personality number reveals what kind
of impression you make on others when
they first meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or characteristics
thatyouareprojectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are humble, conscientious, profound and a
little distant.
Individuals with Personality Number 4 want the information they receive to always be
clear, detailed and specific.
They sometimes project a distant and unreadable outward appearance, which leads
others to find you unapproachable when they first meet you.
People with Personality Number 4 will not accept dishonesty. If they realize they have
been lied to or given false information, they will most likely refuse to continue the
conversation.
It can be somewhat difficult for people with Personality Number 4 to quickly form a
relationship. They are quite cautious when it comes to social interactions. Despite
yearning for affection and connections at their core, they will still put on an indifferent
facade whenever they encounter someone for the first time.
28Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 1
We always have certain views
regarding ourselves and those
around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number
serves as a bridge between your
self-image and how others perceive
you. This number gives you advice
on how to adjust the way you are so
that people do not misunderstand
you.
You deal with everything in a straightforward and unambiguous manner. Your leadership
skills must be improved if you want to reach your full career potential. You also need to
work hard and constantly come up with new approaches in order to succeed. Learn how
to open your heart and communicate effectively. Try to speak in uncomplicated terms so
people have no difficulty understanding what you mean.
29Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
09. Maturity Number - 3
The Maturity Number tells you what you should do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during the most productive period of your life, which is
fromtheageof30to35.
In this period, you must focus on personal branding. Number 3 is associated with
extraversion and social connections. The more time you spend among crowds, the more
successful you will be.
If you want to become a certain type of person, you should apply yourself fully to
cultivating and asserting your values. The whole universe will come together to assist you
in this endeavor in the best way possible.
In this period, people will listen to you and ask you for advice. Therefore, you need to
improve your communication skills so that everything you say makes an impact on
others.
30Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
31Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 8
The Karmic Lesson Number
reveals the attributes and
competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we
cametothisworld.
The absence of this number indicates that you must learn how to manage financial
matters. You might be living too much in the moment without having enough concern
for your future or unforeseen events that can happen to you.
Karmic Lesson Number 8 indicates that you must learn how to manage yourself and
have big visions when you are about to make important decisions or financial
investments. To be able to manage your finances, you must be more focused and
remind yourself to be rational when it comes to investing or doing business. Learning
this lesson will help you take charge of your life and be prepared for any future events.
32Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes
and competencies that we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
You must learn how to be more ambitious when
it comes to spreading your values to others.
Understand that the most wonderful thing in the
world is the ability to share what you have and
be of service to people.
The absence of number 9 indicates that you
must fearlessly step out of your comfort zone
and dare to do what you have always dreamed
of doing but never had the courage to. Only
then can you discover your powers and the
meaning of life.
33Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
11. Rational Thought Number - 9
This is a special number that reflects the way
you think and your decision-making
tendencies. Obviously, this number does not
tell you anything about your life path or
subconscious, and instead has to do with your
wayofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act
in stressful situations. It indicates the quality
of the solutions that you can come up with,
andthetypesof opportunitiesthatwillcometo
you.
Being attentive to details, you only think
about a few things at a time, and are
therefore never overloaded with
information. It is normal for you to think
about how to improve the current state of
affairs and how to change things for the
better. Your mind is always searching for
better solutions. You are intellectual and
have well-developed moral values.
People around you sometimes find you
difficult to understand because you tend to
have different life purposes from them.
Unlike you, they mostly think about their
own position and advantages, while you
often have the best interests of everyone in
mind. Your type of thinking can be
described as idealistic rather than realistic.
34Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
12. Subconscious Self
Number - 6
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. The Subconscious
Self Number helps you focus on the
qualities you have that will be the
key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the main
toolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates the
qualities you must cultivate to be
able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When something happens, only if you can maintain inner peace will you be able to face
the situation. In such scenarios, rely on the person or place that makes you feel safe and
comfortable and can restore your energy. You are resistant to problems and know how
to handle them by nature. The only thing that can hurt you is an inner destabilization that
can lead to overwhelming side effects and make you simply lose self-control. Find your
own safe haven and take better care of yourself.
35Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
13. Hidden Passion Number - 3
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we are truly passionate about, and reveals what
wemustdotoproveourselves andmakeoursouls feelcontent.
A talkative and energetic person, you enjoy being in the company of people. With the
drive you have, it is possible for you to become a successful YouTube star or blogger
because your enthusiastic and cheerful disposition can be irresistible. Your passion is
to share what you have and to be in constant action.
Despite being susceptible to mood swings, you can always find a way to cheer yourself
up because there is no point in staying grumpy for too long. You are witty and have an
exceptional mind, which is often expressed through the way you dress and talk. You
are also naturally gifted at sharing information or teaching, so all the skills you have can
be effectively communicated to everyone.
36Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
13. Hidden Passion Number - 4
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what
we are truly passionate about, and reveals
what we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
People like you are hard to come by these days; you are a fan of hobbies that require
diligence and patience. It’s easy for you to find inspiration because, due to the way you
perceive the world, you tend to see more meaning in everything than they display on the
surface, which you find fascinating.
You are punctual, practical, and know the value of hardwork and dedication. However,
you are not a simple person because you possess advanced analytical skills and will
never let anyone fool or take advantage of you. Your curiosity helps you achieve good
results in everything you practice, so you have a wide range of passions.
37Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
38Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
39Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
40Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2025)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
41Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
14. Personal Year Number – 1 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can provide
you with precisely the information
you want. This number tells you
what youcan expect nextyear,and
what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
If there is something you want to do but have been setting aside, it’s time to stop the
delay and begin taking serious actions. You should reconsider any obsolete beliefs and
principles you may have, or even refresh your closet. This is a year to make dreams
come true. Completely different from last year, it will be full of intense events and
emotions.
You must be more flexible and proactive in a Personal Year 1. Outstanding problems
should be resolved as you will be quite busy developing new things. This is going to be
an important year when it comes to your emotions because many things will be
revealed. To become happier than you have previously been, you will have to stop
looking at life through rose-colored glasses. It’s time to ascertain which approach is
going to make the most sense for the upcoming years, as number 1 signifies the
beginning of a new era.
42Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
14. Personal Year Number – 2 (year of 2027)
If you wishtoknowwhat kind of changesaregoingtohappentoyou intheupcoming year,the
Personal Year Number can provide you with precisely the information you want. This number
tells you what you can expect next year, and what actions you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you will be less active than
you were last year, but it’s time to focus
on other aspects of your life. You must
think about communicating with others.
You are bound to meet new people who
can impact, inspire and revitalize your
life. It’s essential that you do not make
hasty decisions this year.
Take your time and think carefully before
drawing any conclusion that can have
an impact on you physically and
emotionally. During this period, your
best course of action is to relax, make
plans, and pay more attention to
yourself and your personal
development. This year will bring you a
lot of boring, tedious work. It’s also a
good time to find a sport that you enjoy
playing and can help you destress.
43Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
44Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
15. Personal Month Number – 5 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
45Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
15. Personal Month
Number – 6 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
46Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
15. Personal Month Number – 7
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
Your best course of action during this period is to cancel all important and serious
meetings or conversations. This is the time to figure out your next move and be honest
with yourself, or to do things that you find enjoyable and help you calm down, cheer up
and regain balance.
Some may watch their favorite movies or videos on YouTube. Others will choose
hobbies that consume more time such as cycling or cooking. When you are doing
things that relax you and free your mind of worries, you will come up with ideas that can
help everything in your life take a turn for the better.
47Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
15. Personal Month Number – 8
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has
an influence on your entire life.
What is awaiting you in the next
stage of your life? What should
you do today? What should you
not do? How to schedule your
freetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do
each month to have a great life in
the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your
PersonalMonthNumber.
During this period, you will feel a source of energy coursing through your entire body.
This is the time to finish ongoing projects, and you will need to be focused. Even the
smallest effort will still be able to bring concrete results. Therefore, make sure that you
set appropriate priorities during this dynamic time. Luck will be on your side; if there is
anything you have long wanted to do but never had the courage, time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, luck will only smile upon you if you are inspired
and motivated enough to actually take actions. Otherwise, it will still be business as
usual.
48Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
16. Pinnacle Number – 9
(age 0 - age 31)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity, responsibility
andlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be adequately
prepared at the start of each cycle, which
will bring new events, people, possibilities
and changes to your life. The Pinnacle
Number will help you prepare for these
changes.
Congratulations on having the Pinnacle Number 9 in your life journey, because this
number represents the convergence of the other numbers’ most wonderful qualities:
fame,wealthandhumanisticvalues,whichwillallcometoyouduring thisperiod.
This is a very special period when you have the ability to expand your business
abroadand establish greatinternationalfriendships.
If you want to achieve exceptional success, you must learn a new language so that
you can travel the world. During this time, you are likely to be bringing in a lot of
money from different business operations.Your job is to manage your relations with
internationalpartnerseffectively.
You should act as a guide who delivers humanistic values to the world because
nobody else could do it as well as you can. You should also spearhead philanthropic
communities, where your strong sense of responsibility will allow you to excel in
yourrole.
This is the time for you to figure out what actually makes you happy and then focus
onit.Ifyoufindsatisfactionincreativeself-expression,itis alsotimefor youto bring
it up a notch. If you wish to focus on your family or relationships, you should do
everything you can to dedicate your time tothem.This is a very specialperiod, andif
you manage to set priorities appropriately, you will be able to remember it with
absolutefondness.
49Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 31 - age 40)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
50Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 40 - age 49)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
51Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 49 - age 58)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
52Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
17. Challenge Number - 7
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to take off the mask of indifference and express your true self to
the world. During this period, you must cast aside the skepticism you have for
things you do not yet understand. This is a time to listen and talk to different
people, andto reconsider your lifeprinciples.Toovercome this challenge,you must
let new energy into your world, find inner balance and develop your intuition. Do
not be unduly skeptical of every single thing; instead, try to be more positive and
open-minded.
53Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
17. Challenge Number - 3
The Challenge Number tells us the major difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them. The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life experiences, and compel our personality to
evolve.
This Numberalsorevealsthe tasks we must handle andthepersonality traits we
must developin certainperiodsof our lives.
Your challenge is to finish what you started. Despite the tendency to be very
enthusiastic in the beginning, you struggle with following through and producing
results. You need to know how to manage and communicate your feelings. You
should also be cautious when proposing ideas or giving answers. Think before
youspeak.
54Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
17. Challenge Number - 4
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and
what we should do to overcome them.
The purpose of these challenges is to
educate us, help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our personality
toevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we
must handle and the personality traits
we must develop in certain periods of
ourlives.
This number indicates that you are lacking motivation and self-discipline when it
comes to time management. Having the Challenge Number 4 means you need to
learnhowtohave amoreorganized,orderlyandefficient lifestyle.
55Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
56Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
57Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
58Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
59Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
60Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
61Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
62Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
63Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
64Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
65Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
66Full name: Vũ Đăng Tuệ Date of birth: 08/10/1994
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
67