Dam Janie My-Linh
03/04/1965Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
WHERE THE 03 ESSENTIAL
COMPETENCIES ARE NURTURED:
MORALITY – WISDOM - EFFORT
CULTIVATING MORALITY
Living a life of gratitude, love and
compassion.
Being honest till last.
Unconditional supporting and
giving.
Honing Effort
HONING EFFORT
Staying calm in the face of any hardships
Keeping courageous and breaking out of
comfort zone to improve and help others.
Determined, patient, resilient, and able to
follow through with anything instead of
giving up.
Seeking Wisdom
SEEKING WISDOM
Constantly learning, able to recognize
good and evil, as well as identify the
cause and effect of every problem to
make sound judgements.
Knowing right from wrong, improving
oneself daily in order to make the right
choices and enthusiastically contribute
to society.
2Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
VISION
To become a place budding talents where they are instilled with all of the three
roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
To nurture the next generation of young leaders who will be
responsible for the sustainable advancement of society.
MISSION
Guiding and developing human where they are instilled with all of the three roots:
Morality – Wisdom - Effort
Which contributes to a community full of supports and meanings
3Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
"3-root" Personality Tree
4Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
A letter
from GEIN’s founders
Dear Dam Janie My-Linh,
Welcome to the GEIN personal development community! Today, you are holding in your
hands your very own Map for Success. This map is going to be a companion that can
help you find the key to your future and discover the life path that's aligned with the
mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you're feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree.
It's not because you are inadequate, you just have not discovered your true talents,
mission and direction. It's also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a
goldfish or a songbird? In which case, it's even more essential that you obtain your Map
for Success. Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success
immediately at the next stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your
way and spend years being lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, we, the founders of GEIN, have devoted great efforts and applied
our experience to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just
like tens of thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a
profound level, reach your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always
dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness, altogether we can build a more
sustainable society . Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success and GEIN on
your journey of self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
5Map for Success is a science-based tool that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family
and spiritual aspects of your life. We have all heard the
saying, “Know yourself, know your enemy, a hundred
battles, a hundred victories.” The foundation of success
is constant personal development, and the root of personal
development is a profound understanding of one’s values
and capabilities. Birds must learn how to fly, fish must learn
how to swim, lions must learn how to hunt, and we believe
individuals must learn how to achieve success through
intellect, ethics and contribution to society.
Map for Success (MFS) is based on scientific research that began in Ancient Greece over
2,500 years ago. This field of study was derived from the research of philosopher and
mathematician Pythagoras, the progenitor of many renowned bodies of work in mathematics.
He is considered to have originated Arithmetic, the foundational discipline that allows us to
perform the basic mathematical operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
today. On the topic of Pythagoras, it would be remiss not to mention the Pythagorean theorem
which demonstrates the relation among the three sides of a right triangle.
Pythagoras’ research illustrates the profound connection between the movement of objects,
people and the cycles along with numbers in mathematics. He deeply believed that “everything
is connected to numbers.” As such, together with his disciples, he developed a scientific
discipline to discover the numerical link between a person’s full name and birthday. Based on
this data, he was able to construct a map of numbers for each individual which not only gave
them a clear vision of their life path, but also helped them understand and foster their strengths
and passions, as well as rectify their imperfections. After more than 2,500 years of
development, it has come to be referred to as Map for Success.
With Map for Success in hand, one can perform deep self-reflection in order to remedy their
weaknesses, build on their strengths and accurately develop their natural talents, thereby
leadinga fulfilling and peaceful life where they can be of service to society.
Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
6THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Leadership
Number 1 carries the energy of a leader who is willing to pioneer in every situation.
Energy of number 1 is energy of bravery, enthusiasm and desiring to prove oneself.
“Whether you think you can, or you can't –
You're RIGHT”
7THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Connection
Number 2 carries the energy of connection, support, peace and balance. Number 2
is number of a connector, mediator and supporter.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and
abundance appears.”
8THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Presenters
Energy of number 3 is energy of inspiration, creativity and showing oneself.
Number 3 is number of presenters and artists.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the
pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Jim Rohn
9THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Experts
Number 4 represents a solid foundation and loyalty. Energy of number 4 is energy
of honesty, reliability, pragmatism and discipline. Number 4 is number of intensive
research.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks.
10THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Creators
Number 5 represents creativity and transformation. Energy of number 5 is energy
of constant change-seeking, adventure, freedom, creativity and enthusiasm.
The greatest successes come from having the
freedom to fail
11THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Love
Number 6 represents love, compassion and harmony. Energy of number 6 is
energy of protection, loving, motivation and coaching.
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you
owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the
other 99%
12THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Strategists
Energy of number 7 is energy of deep thinking, spirit of learning, analytical mind
and sharp judgment. Number 7 is number of the strategist and the teacher of
knowledge.
If you want to do a few small things right, do
them yourself. If you want to do great things
and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
John C Maxwell
13THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Business
Number 8 is like infinite sign, carries the meaning of a never-ending energy.
Energy of number 8 is energy of constancy, vision, wealth and power.
You can have everything in life you want, if you
will just help other people get what they want.
14THE VIBRATION OF NUMBER
Humanism
Energy of number 9 is energy of compassion, generosity and sense of honor.
Number 9 is a person who spreads humanitarian values to society and community.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
15Exclusive knowledge from the course
Designing Map for Success
The course has helped more than 15,000 people transform positively.
ACCESS NOW
Enter code:
19650403MY9J4C
Wishing you all the best on the way forward to develop yourself.
SINCERELY!
16Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
01 02 03
1 9 3
Your destiny, power and personality traits. Some Your behavior when facing problems and The big picture of the traits that can help you
obstacles you may encounter and your difficulties. come to success or make you fail. A guiding
weaknesses. compass to help you fulfill your life's mission.
04 05 06
2 5 3
Bridge between the person you want to become Desire hidden in your soul and the reasons after Traits, areas of expertise or skills you need to
and your true inner self your actions develop and will succeed if you involve with them
in your whole life
07 08 09
7 2 4
Personality, worldview, relationships and Bridge between the way you think about yourself Image, value, aspiration and goals in your most
problems in the way you treat others and your image in others’ eyes energetic period of life at the age of 30 –35
10
2,6
Weaknesses you need to remedy
17Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
11 12 13
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
3 7 1,4,5
Logical thinking and the way you make decision Personality traits you need to develop to face Special skills, hobbies, passion, activities that
and solve the problems bring self-awareness and joy to you
14 15 16
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH
PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,6,4,7
Changes that may happen in the next few years Changes that may happen in the next few Level of maturity, responsibility, comprehension
and the way you should behave months and the way you should behave capability, important events in each stage of life
17
CHALLENGE NUMBER
1,0,1,1
Big problems you may encounter and the way
you should do to overcome them
18Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
01. Life Path Number - 1
The Life Path Number is the
most important number in Map
for Success. It points out the
opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to
experience in this life. It also
indicates which direction your
journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain
happiness.
The number of authority,
leadership and pioneers
Pioneer
As in any aspect of life, number 1 carries the meaning of “champion.” Individuals with Life Path
Number 1 tend to be CEOs, business owners, politicians and military commanders. You were
bornwith exceptional leadership capabilities, anoutstandingpersonalityand excellent creativity.
Energyof Number 1
Number 1 represents the Sun – the beginning of all numbers – the foundation of all things. In
every language, it is a symbol of unity. It has two aspects; as a cardinal number, it embodies
unity; as an ordinal number, it embodies supremacy and authority. Number 1 cannot be divided
and is not constructed from any other numbers, which symbolizes self-reliance, independence
and the ability to succeed on one’s own. It harbors leadership potential and characteristics of an
excellent entrepreneur,who is capable ofbothworking independently and being aleader.
Characteristics
You are adept at overcoming obstacles
and solving problems. This strength
indicates physical and mental fortitude,
often coupled with strong determination
andexcellent leadership capabilities.
You possess an exceptional ability to
set goals and overcome obstacles, as
well as a tenacious spirit that will not
yield to any hardship. You are someone
who will never be defeated, no matter
how many devastating blows that life
Assertiveness
deals you.
Do not be afraid when facing new projects or methodologies – you will conquer them all. You
are able to employ different approaches dynamically, and have inborn creative abilities. You
are also a tremendously courageous person who is always ready to face challenges and
overcome obstacles. Never shy away from troubles because you are an expert in solving
problemsand pushing limits.
19Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
01. Life Path Number - 1
Career
Always think big, as yours is among
theroadstowardsgreatness. You will
not be satisfied until you become the
best in whichever area you have
chosen.
Listen to the voice of greatness
calling out for you from deep within
your soul and follow what it tells you.
Pursue a life of greatness – it’s your
naturalflare.
Leadership
A typical number 1 constantly wants to prove themself, is driven by achievements and has a
great sense of self-worth. You tend to have firmly established opinions, beliefs and values. You
always demand respect and want to stand out. Number 1’s do not follow directions well; when
being dominated and put under control, you will show strong resistance. Therefore, you should
choosecareerpathsthatallow you tomakedecisions andstayin control.
Occupations you will excel at include head of department, director, executive officer, manager,
foreman,contractor,independent operator,freelancer.
That being said, you are not
necessarily destined to become an
entrepreneur, business owner or
leader. You can choose any
profession that provides you with
autonomy and independence, and
allows you to utilize your intellect and
leadership skills; for example, store
owner, lawyer, writer or even farmer
ordoctor.
Remember that you are highly
capable of attracting the public eye
Authority
and enjoy being the center of
attention.
Socialtraits
Confidence is never an issue for you. You never shy away from any situation, whether social or
personal. You are comfortable with expressing your opinions and asserting yourself. However,
you should be careful not to be overly egotistical. If you can keep your self-centeredness in
check and respect others’ opinions, people will find you kind-hearted, jovial and inspiring. You
will beable toattractlike-mindedpeople andavoid irritatedrebuffsfromothers.
20Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
01. Life Path Number - 1
Strengths
You are blessed with strong motivations to
take actions, a revolutionary spirit, creative
ideas, excellent leadership capabilities, the
ability to be self-sufficient, drives to
achieve, an unique style, great sense of
responsibility, self-organization skills,
exceptional will and determination, as well
asbravery.
You have the courage to face challenges,
hone your self-reliant and independent
qualities, and tirelessly strive to prove
Leadership spirit yourself.
You have an unlimited amount of energy, a rich imagination and an unstoppable pioneering
spirit. You tend to have firmly established opinions, beliefs and values. Intelligence and
perceptiveness are your most prominent qualities. You truly are a natural-born leader who
constantlydesirestocreatenewvalues differentfromexisting ones.
Furthermore, if you are able to keep your attitude under control and respect others’ opinions,
you can easily win their hearts and inspire many people. You will also be able to attract kindred
spirits.
Weaknesses
Number 1’s may have excessive confidence
in themselves and can even be aggressive
and vindictive. You may have difficulty
following others’ directions in both business
andsocial contexts.
Whenanumber 1’s ego is hurt ortheyfail to
achieve a goal, they can become selfish,
overly competitive and unduly suspicious of
others. You need to learn how to listen and
Focus on goals
be humble. Practice asking yourself, “What
should Idotoimprove this?”
Also, some number 1’s constantly present themselves as superior and inadvertently cause
annoyance to others or cause them to feel taken advantage of. You may be perceived by others
as arrogant or inconsiderate of the feelings of those around you. In order to gradually remedy
this,number1’s mustpracticegratitudeand daily self-reflection.
There is a simple approach that you may explore and adopt, which is journaling daily. Every
night before going to bed, you can write down everything you have received throughout the day,
down to the smallest things such as someone sharing their sandwich with you, or the security
guardgiving you awarm smile.
21Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
01. Life Path Number - 1
Wordsof advice
When your soul is fulfilled with
gratitude for what you receive
everyday, there will be no room left
for arrogance, selfishness and
vindictiveness. You should also
perform self-reflection, for example,
on whether you have done or said
anything that might have hurt
someone’s feelings.
Practice this regularly and your mind
and heart will develop the habit of
being humble and empathizing with
Desire to win
others.
You should be aware that, in some cases, number 1’s negative energy manifests itself in
laziness, indecisiveness, insecurity and dependency on others. If you find yourself in such a
situation, you must make aggressive efforts to change such tendencies. Being a number 1, in
order to succeed, you must apply yourself a hundredfold. Reliance on others or laziness will
resultin feelingsof deepdisappointmentinyourself.
• Self-reliance and independence • Ability to withstand pressure
• Ability to pioneer and create unique values • Willingness to work hard and
shoulder troubles
• Forcefulness and assertiveness
• Desire to prove oneself
• Leadership spirit
• Clear personal views
• Inborn leadership capabilities
• Speed
• Willingness to take responsibility (related to
proving oneself)
Learning how to be a leader of yourself and others
22Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
02. Balance Number - 9
The Balance Number indicates how someone faces
the difficulties and challenges that come their way
inlife
People with Balance Number 9 never hesitate to
shoulder responsibilities and give others a helping
hand. In the face of hardships, they can maintain
the positive energy and enthusiasm.
They have a strong leadership spirit, and always
think and act with their teammates’ best interests
in mind. It will be a blessing for your team to have
a member with Balance Number 9.
23Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
03. Destiny Number - 3
⮚ Your destiny is the role and
responsibilities you must take on
when you come to this world, and
what you must do to be beneficial
toit.
⮚ Should you be able to fulfill this
destiny, you will find satisfaction
and happiness, and create
incredible values for society and
yourcommunity.
Your destiny is to change people’s lives by using your way with words.
You must become someone who inspires others in a powerful way. You will fulfill your
highest purpose by leading a life that is full of optimism, enthusiasm, compassion and
joy.
Your positive qualities include beauty, uniqueness, excitement and fame. You will have
fulfilled your life purpose when you discover and express your true self, then inspire
others to do the same. If you abandon your dreams and neglect your natural talents,
you will struggle with depression and dissatisfaction. You must pursue your destiny,
focus on the things you have, place your trust in it and welcome it without reluctance.
Because number 3’s tend to provide you with a lot of talents and ideas, it can be
difficult for you to focus on any one thing, causing you to procrastinate or become
distracted. You must learn how to identify and recognize your emotions. Your
communication skills (using both written and spoken language), your intelligence and
wittiness, as well as your ability to listen and cheerful disposition will enable you to help
others.
You may struggle with mood swings and even face depression. You can sometimes be
unduly judgmental and skeptical towards others. You have a tendency to overthink,
therefore, try to relax your mind if you don't want to go insane.
Destiny Number 3 demands that you express yourself and help others do the same in a
positive and joyful manner. Career paths that involve communication and speaking will
bring you success. Stages, podiums and communal spaces are where people with
Destiny Number 3 belong.
24Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
04. Life Path – Destiny Connection Number - 2
Thisnumbertellsyou whatyou mustdotolearnyourlifelesson andfulfillyourdestiny.
You must learn how to settle differences peacefully and avoid conflicts. Addressing
problems in a straightforward manner is a good thing, but try to be gentler when
expressing your opinions.
You are competent and do not hesitate to help others, but it is still necessary to
establish boundaries with those who seek your help. Value your time and learn how to
prioritize.
25Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
05. Soul Urge Number - 5
The Soul Urge Number reveals the reason behind what you do and how you do it. It can explain
the root cause of the decisions you make and the way you react to everything and everyone
aroundyou.
This is a very important number as it can help you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfactionyou have,aswellasgiveyou thedirectiontowardssuccess.
These desires can sometimes be so
concealed within our subconscious that we
have no awareness of them. Every action
and choice we make in life are influenced
by these desires , whether we realize it or
not. The Soul Urge Number’s significance
lies in the fact that it represents the above-
mentioned desires.
To calculate your Soul Urge Number, pick
out the vowels in your name and use the
Numerology chart.
This is such an important number because
it helps you make sense of every desire and
dissatisfaction you have, as well as give you
the direction towards success.
People with Soul Urge Number 5 must constantly be on the go and moving from place
to place to gain new experiences. These experiences help you develop new ideas,
which brings you happiness. Every time you come up with a new idea, you become
happy and excited because it gives them a new goal to aim for. Such ideas keep you
motivated to continue their journey and learn new things that are previously unknown.
The only challenge for people with Soul Urge Number 5 is to complete the goals they set
for themselves. Since you are constantly on the go, you become bored if it takes too
much time to reach a certain goal. However, this can also inspire them to come up with
new ideas and approach the goal from a different angle. So, it all works out in the end.
26Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
06. Birthday Number - 3
The Birthday Number tells you what your natural
talents are, and what gifts the Universe has blessed
yourpersonalitywithonthedayyouwereborn.
This number also reveals the kind of person you want
otherstoperceiveyouaswhentheyworkwithyou.
UnderstandingyourBirthdayNumber,youwillfindout
which environment can enable you to fully harness
yourwonderfulqualities.
People with Birthday Number 3 are highly ambitious and tend to have a very strong will. Mostof
them devote a lot of time to their careers. It’s not easy for you to be in a subordinate position.
You understand the meaning of having authority, know how to wield it, and want to gain more
of it.
You always have enoughenergy and strength to make your dreams come true. You rarely have
self-doubts and also dislike it when others are indecisive. People feel the need to exercise
caution with their words when they are around you. You tend to come up with highly ambitious
plansbecause youalwaysknowhowtoimplementthem.
The mostprominenttraitsof people withBirthdayNumber 3are courage and ambition. Justlike
those with Birthday Number 1, you spend very little time on romantic relationships. When you
do, you like to be the one in charge. For you, successfully pursuing a romantic interest is
comparable to the fulfillment of a passion. You tend to be interested in people with strong
characters,butstrong astheyare,ultimately,they willall fallfor you.
People with Birthday Number 3 dislike it when their significant others are on an equal footing
with them or try to be as such. To make you happy, your significant other needs to stand out
and compensate for what you lack, but should never be above you. Moreover, to maintain a
loving relationship, an ideal partner for people with Birthday Number 3 should have an
accommodatingand flexiblepersonality.
People with this Birthday Number have a way with words but can also easily hurt people’s
feelings through what they say. This is because you have difficulty sympathizing with those who
are notasstrong and hardened asyou.
People with Birthday Number 3 must learn how to rein in their temper and ambitions. Tolerance
is a great virtue, too! Should you be able to improve in this regard, you will maximize the
potentialof your bestqualities.
27Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
07. Personality Number - 7
The personality number reveals
what kind of impression you
make on others when they first
meet you. In other words, it
describes the energy or
characteristics that you are
projectingtotheworld.
People’s first impression of you is that you are rational, knowledgeable, analytical and
sometimes a bit unapproachable.
Individuals with Personality Number 7 are at their strongest when they are alone or are
doing things on their own. This can be beneficial to you under the right circumstances.
Solitude allows you to guide your own life based on the experiences you have had and
the knowledge you have learned. This makes you smarter, and you know how to use
your intelligence to excel even more in life.
People respect and admire you for the vast amount of knowledge you have. However,
some may find it difficult to approach you because of the mysteriousness surrounding
you. Others have trouble figuring out what you are really like on a personal level. But
once you have let someone into your inner circle, they will discover how kind and
sympathetic you are behind the mask you put up.
You should be more open-minded if you were to have more social relationships.
28Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
08. Soul Urge – Personality Connection Number - 2
We always have certain views regarding ourselves and those around us. The Soul Urge –
Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge between your self-image and how others
perceiveyou.Thisnumbergivesyou advice on howtoadjustthewayyouareso that peopledo
notmisunderstand you.
You have the ability to influence people, but you must learn to be considerate of their
needs. The relationships that you have will improve if you understand the
expectations of the other person. You also need to learn how to be patient and gentle
when it comes to work. Sometimes, it’s not a good idea to push for things to happen
too quickly and intensely.
29Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
09. Maturity Number - 4
The Maturity Number tells you what you should
do and what to focus on in order to advance
your career to the best of your abilities during
themost productiveperiodofyourlife,which is
fromtheageof30to35.
After careful planning and single-mindedly pursuing your goals, you will experience an
uplift at work during this period.
In this period, you must spend a lot of time learning to develop your skills and become
an authority in your area of expertise.
You should also explore financial and real estate investments in this period.
30Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributesand competenciesthat we were not naturally
giftedwithwhenwecametothisworld.
Number 2 is associated with effective communication and the act of caring for others.
It’s no secret that the ability to adequately understand and communicate one’s
personal views, as well as to explain one’s needs, wishes or ideas to others is
extremely important.
Karmic Lesson Number 2 indicates that you are communicating only in one direction.
You usually like talking about your problems and circumstances, but are not a very
great listener when others tell you about theirs.
The reverse can also be true, when you are willing to listen but others have no interest
in having a proper conversation with you. In either situation, the common denominator
is a misunderstanding. In order to learn the lesson that the absence of number 2 brings
you, you must put yourself in others’ position so that you can be more sympathetic,
open-minded and sincere.
People will do the same to you and harmony will be achieved. Lacking Number 2 also
means you do not yet have the ability to judge the potential of different opportunities
and to assess people. You need to learn the necessary tools and knowledge that will
help you remedy this.
31Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
10. Karmic Lesson Number - 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals
the attributes and competencies that
we were not naturally gifted with
whenwecametothisworld.
Karmic Lesson Number 6, you
might have gone through your
childhood without feeling loved, or
you are lacking the ability to take
care of and be affectionate to
people.
Sometimes, due to past
experiences of feeling unloved,
you do not know how to be
affectionate and caring towards
others. You need to actively pay
attention to this flaw and become
better at caring for others.
32Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
11. Rational Thought Number - 3
This is a special number that reflects the way you think and your decision-making tendencies.
Obviously, this number does not tell you anything about your life path or subconscious, and
insteadhastodowithyourway ofthinking.
Basically, this number reveals the way you act in stressful situations. It indicates the quality of
thesolutionsthatyoucancomeupwith,andthetypesofopportunitiesthatwillcometoyou.
If you are faced with a dilemma or a complicated question that needs to be solved, the
answer you give will usually be one that nobody can predict. Your thinking is random
and extraordinary. When you think about something, many details, concepts, and tiny
influencing factors that can impact the outcome will be taken into consideration.
However, the most interesting part is how you prioritize these variables. You never
know which to consider the crucial one. Yours represents an innovative type of
thinking. You create possibilities and opportunities in places no one else could think of.
You are a fan of challenging methods and outlandish approaches. However, your way
of thinking is sometimes influenced by emotional factors.
33Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
12. Subconscious Self Number - 7
For most of us, life always comes
with obstacles. TheSubconscious
Self Number helps you focus on
the qualities you have that will be
the key to overcoming your inner
obstacles. These qualities will
sometimes help you handle a
certain aspect of a problem,
overcome obstacles in a calm
manner, or even serve as the
maintoolforproblemsolving.
In short, this number indicates
thequalitiesyou must cultivateto
be able to handle any unexpected
trouble.
When life gets complicated, you must keep your mind clear in order to find the quickest
and most effective solution. If it looks like you are unable to make the right choice, it’s
better for you to wait until you have calmed down and cleared your head. You should
only rely on yourself and your own judgment, because nobody else knows how to solve
your problems better than you yourself do. You are the only person who solely has your
best interests in mind, so the solutions should be yours to decide on during this difficult
period. However, you should also remain open-minded, let those around you know
about your problems and seek their help.
34Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
13. Hidden Passion Number - 1
The Hidden Passion Number
uncovers what we are truly
passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
An enthusiastic and active person, you are the initiator of many undertakings, and are
not afraid to be in charge because you believe responsibility is a normal aspect of life.
You have a talent for organizing people, thereby creating order and systems out of
chaos and disorder. Your Hidden Passion Number indicates that you can become a
successful business owner, startups manager, state official, CEO, or manage any type
of project. To achieve success in your passion, you need to be more creative and pay
more attention to others’ opinions so that you can find the right direction for further
development.
35Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
13. Hidden Passion Number - 4
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what
we are truly passionate about, and reveals
what we must do to prove ourselves and
makeoursoulsfeelcontent.
People like you are hard to come by these days; you are a fan of hobbies that require
diligence and patience. It’s easy for you to find inspiration because, due to the way you
perceive the world, you tend to see more meaning in everything than they display on the
surface, which you find fascinating.
You are punctual, practical, and know the value of hardwork and dedication. However,
you are not a simple person because you possess advanced analytical skills and will
never let anyone fool or take advantage of you. Your curiosity helps you achieve good
results in everything you practice, so you have a wide range of passions.
36Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
13. Hidden Passion Number - 5
The Hidden Passion Number uncovers what we
are truly passionate about, and reveals what
we must do to prove ourselves and make our
soulsfeelcontent.
You like to have complete freedom to explore the wonders that life has to offer. People
like you never miss out on opportunities to become more efficient, creative or simply
better at doing something; you need to improve yourself as much as you need air to
breathe.
Despite loving to be in your comfort zone, you frequently step out of it because only by
doing so will you be able to make progress in anything. You tend to choose challenging
careers where you get to connect with many people because of how much you love
freedom and dislike being restricted.
37Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
14. Personal Year Number – 5 (year of 2023)
If you wish to know what kind of changes are
going to happen to you in the upcoming year,
the Personal Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want. This
number tells you what you can expect next
year, and what actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
ThePersonalYearNumber’sinfluencebeginsin
January and ends in December, and is at its
mostintenseduringthelast3months.
Throughout a Personal Year 5, you will constantly feel highly energetic. Your life will go
through a very active period with no shortage of joyous events and moments. This is a
year of new relationships which can be beneficial to you later on. You may experience
changes in your career or romantic relationship. You may also encounter a number of
stressful situations, but if you are flexible enough, things will take a turn for the better.
You are going to have a year full of emotional ups and downs. In order to make it as
positive as possible, you should adjust your energy and always stick to what you are
good at. Immediately at the beginning of the year, think about the goals you want to
reach and envision the best version of yourself, then focus on becoming that image.
Keep the image in mind throughout the year and do everything necessary to take steps
towards your goals.
38Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
14. Personal Year
Number – 6 (year of 2024)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to you
in the upcoming year, the Personal
Year Number can provide you with
precisely the information you want.
This number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what actions
you should take to improve your life
thisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and ends
in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
This year, you should set more specific goals for yourself. What do you need? Is it going
to bring happiness to you and your loved ones? Set priorities and do not bother yourself
with how others may react to it. This is a year to take care of yourself and your
relationships with those you love. Pay attention to the people around you; they may
need your help. Always put yourself first and avoid sacrificing your own needs for
others’.
You should maintain a tranquil spirit; this will calm your mind and help you temporarily
forget about life problems. You need to monitor and control the way you react in heated
moments in order to ensure that you do not go too far and do something you will regret.
If you have any ongoing projects, this is a good time to wrap them up. You must pay
more attention to both your career and your romantic relationship. This is a year to
maintain inner balance and interpersonal harmony, which will provide you with shoulders
to lean on and a safe harbor whenever you feel tired.
39Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
14. Personal Year Number – 7 (year of 2025)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
This year, you will need to face your inner conflicts. If you are dissatisfied with any
aspect of your life, such as your career, where you live, or the people around you, this
is a good time to explore what will have a positive effect on you and how to change
your life for the better. This is a year to take care of yourself.
It’s very likely that you will discover a new hobby or interest. If there is anything that you
have not been able to figure out or find the answer to, it will come to a head during this
period. Number 7 seems to always indicate inner contemplation. However, it will also
open up the path to big changes in your life.
40Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
14. Personal Year Number – 8 (year of 2026)
If you wish to know what kind of
changes are going to happen to
you in the upcoming year, the
Personal Year Number can
provide you with precisely the
information you want. This
number tells you what you can
expect next year, and what
actions you should take to
improveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s
influence begins in January and
ends in December, and is at its
most intense during the last 3
months.
Throughout a Personal Year 8, your life will constantly be full of interesting projects. No
matter what happens, everything will be alright in the end. You will finally receive
compensation and rewards that have long been delayed. At the end of the year, you
will be surprised at the number of events that have made an impact on you. You must
establish an equilibrium in your life and change everything this year.
Your social life will also need to be reconsidered. You will have more interests in life. At
the same time, people will pay more attention to you because of the amount of
knowledge and experience you have. You will find out where your destinations are and
become sure of what you want to do in the next few years. Thanks to your energy and
enthusiasm, any project you are involved in will achieve significant results and wrap up
quickly.
41Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
14. Personal Year Number – 9
(year of 2027)
If youwish toknow what kindof changesaregoing
tohappentoyouintheupcomingyear,thePersonal
Year Number can provide you with precisely the
information you want. This number tells you what
you can expect next year, and what actions you
shouldtaketoimproveyourlifethisyear.
The Personal Year Number’s influence begins in
January and ends in December, and is at its most
intenseduringthelast3months.
A Personal Year 9 will be special and full of
emotions. You will have to decide who and
what are aligned with the visions you have for
your life, and who and what are not. Try to
maintain self-control. It’s important that you do
not make decisions based on your emotions;
approach problems in a rational manner.
Pay attention to your emotions; they will help
you make decisions, such as when to step
back, pass up on an opportunity and wait until
a more appropriate time. You will have to take
many things into consideration, but when it’s
time to make a decision, ensure that it was
made without bias and will be beneficial to you.
Otherwise, give it another year before
implementing your ideas.
42Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
15. Personal Month Number – 2 (month of 4/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
Your attention will be focused on the
relationships you have. Come up with a
good excuse to spend time with people
you love and talk to each other more.
Many things will become clear to you,
and you will have fond memories of
these experiences.
This is a good time to relax and charge
up your energy in preparation for
upcoming events. It is also a period of
growth and progress, which may have
to do with an ongoing project or job, or
the development of a skill or hobby.
During this period, avoid conflicts and
misunderstandings, and refrain from
expressing any anger.
43Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
15. Personal Month Number – 3 (month of 5/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of your life? What should you do today? What
should younotdo?Howtoscheduleyourfreetimemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discoverthemeaningofyourPersonalMonthNumber.
It is time to awaken your cultural side. You should immerse yourself in the arts and
aesthetics as much as possible. This is a great time to visit cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries. Develop your perception of the world
through your visual sense. This is an excellent opportunity for you to exchange
knowledge and learn new things.
You need to break out of your daily routine and spend time satisfying your cultural
needs. If you do not have the time or opportunity to visit public places, make use of the
Internet. Listen to relaxing genres of music, watch an interesting movie with your
friends, or spend an evening reliving fond memories with those you love.
44Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
15. Personal Month Number – 4 (month of 6/2025)
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
During this time, the most important thing for you is to be in control of everything. Try to
take every step necessary to avoid misunderstandings and failures. This period is usually
associated with relatively chaotic activities in a person’s life, so you should learn
appropriate self-management skills. If you feel emotionally unstable or simply tired during
this period, you should spend a fews days resting. Try to maintain inner balance
because the situations you encounter in the outside world will be reflected in your inner
world. You should also keep doing things that can help you relax and calm down.
45Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
15. Personal Month Number – 5
Life goes by in units of days and months. Each
of these units has an influence on your entire
life. What is awaiting you in the next stage of
your life? What should you do today? What
should you not do? How to schedule your free
timemoreefficiently?
If you want to know what to do each month to
have a great life in the long run, go ahead and
discover the meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
Your life will be full of activity during this period. Your best course of action is to make a
list of things you should do. Make use of external resources such as mobile applications
or technological devices to make plans for and prioritize them.
During this period, if you can handle your workload efficiently, you will be able to fully
enjoy your free time without it affecting your work performance. Your main goal will be to
seek balance between your professional and personal life. Therefore, you should pay
attention to your work, diet, relaxation and even sports. This is a very smooth-sailing
period for you, so take full advantage of it.
46Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
15. Personal Month
Number – 6
Life goes by in units of days and
months. Each of these units has an
influence on your entire life. What is
awaitingyouinthenextstageofyour
life? What should you do today?
What should you not do? How to
schedule your free time more
efficiently?
If you want to know what to do each
month to have a great life in the long
run, go ahead and discover the
meaning of your Personal Month
Number.
This is the time to become a good listener, a loving life partner and a supportive friend.
Those around you may be a bit busy, stressed out and tired, and will need your help or
simply want you around.
You should spend this time communicating more. You need to display patience, trust
and sympathy to others. You will also have the chance to talk about everything you are
concerned about. When meeting with friends, you will talk about your dreams, goals and
life problems. If you are waiting for an appropriate time to tell a loved one something,
now is your chance.
47Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 0 - age 35)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
48Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
16. Pinnacle Number – 6
(age 35 - age 44)
Every person’s life is composed of four pinnacle cycles, each representing a
differentdegreeof maturity,responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the important thing is you must be
adequately prepared at the start of each cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and changes to your life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
This is a period when you need to focus on taking care of familial affairs. Spend
more time with your family and your career will be relatively smooth-sailing as a
result. During this period, there is no need for you to overexert yourself or race
against anything.
Take it easy and do not rush, everything will fall into place. The overarching
energy of this period is the peace and love that others will bring you a lot of. If
possible, spend more time sowing seeds, for example, by donating to children of
impoverished families or to homeless people. You will radiate an energy of
altruism and compassion. Should you be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessings willbebestowedupon you.
This period represents a time for you to take responsibility and fully feel the
influence of doing so. You will value the people around you like you never did
before. Life will turn in such a way that you will need only the closest people
around, and the feeling will be mutual. It is a rather calm period when you can
build a foundation for your life, and a safe haven where you can always find
shelter.Makesurethatyouaresurroundedby peoplewhomyoutrust.
49Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
16. Pinnacle Number – 4 (age 44 - age 53)
Every person’s life is composed of four
pinnacle cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibilityandlearningcapabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long, but the
important thing is you must be
v
adequately prepared at the start of each
cycle, which will bring new events,
people, possibilitiesand changes toyour
life. The Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
The more knowledgeable you become, the more opportunities to advance your
careeryou willhave.
During this period, you must be able to position yourself as an expert in a certain
field. Number 4 is associated with the act of teaching others one’s knowledge in a
specific area of expertise. If you can match this number’s energy, people will
undoubtedly bestow upon you a “title of honor”. Remember to accept and do not
decline it.
Even without having a fast-paced lifestyle, you will still be able to achieve a
certain degree of success. “Slow but steady” will be your motto during this period.
Wealth and reputation will come easily if you make serious investments into your
intellectbystudying aboutyourchosenfieldextensively.
During this period, you should pay attention to your area of expertise. It is time to
increase your efforts because your success depends directly on how eager you
are to work. During this period, you get what you deserve, so you’d better pull
yourself together and act. If you prove to be determined and reliable throughout
this period, you will essentially double your chances of reaching new heights in
thefuture.
Usecriticalthinking and strategizingskillstobuild upyourplan step-by-step.
50Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
16. Pinnacle Number – 7 (age 53 - age 62)
Every person’s life is
composed of four pinnacle
cycles, each representing a
different degree of maturity,
responsibility and learning
capabilities.
Pinnacle cycles are quite long,
but the important thing is you
must be adequately prepared
at the start of each cycle,
which will bring new events,
people, possibilities and
changes to your life. The
Pinnacle Number will help you
prepareforthesechanges.
During this period, you need to focus on understanding and constantly improving
yourself. This is a good time to give your life a fresh start. Believe in yourself and try to
developyourpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, you can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information
instantly. The more time you spend learning and improving yourself, the more
opportunities you will have to advance your career. If you are able to match the energy
of number 7, a lot of people will come to you for your advice on how they should
navigate their problems, because they believe that your immense knowledge can give
them a multifaceted perspective on things. Position yourself as an authority in a specific
area of expertise, which will be your competitive edge. As number 7 is associated with
expertsandstrategists,themoreyoudevelopyouradvantages,themoresuccessfulyou
willbecome.
Moreover, number 7’s energy is also strongly connected to spirituality. Therefore, you
should find a belief, which is simply something you consider to be true and is an
unchanging law, such as the law of reaping and sowing, or the law of cause and effect.
Develop a profound understanding of these beliefs and encourage others, as well as
yourself, to practice altruism on the basis of morality, intellect and willpower. This is a
period of self-discovery when you will be able to find the answers to the questions that
havelongbeenpuzzlingyou.
51Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
17. Challenge Number - 1
The Challenge Number tells
us the major difficulties we
will have to face and what
we should do to overcome
them. The purpose of these
challenges is to educate us,
help us gain new life
experiences, and compel our
personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals
the tasks we must handle
and the personality traits
we must develop in certain
periodsof ourlives.
Your challenge is to stand on your own twofeet.You have a tendency to compare
yourself to others and rely on people’s opinions. Be honest with yourself and
appreciateyourpersonalvalues.
52Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
17. Challenge Number - 0
The Challenge Number tells us the major
difficulties we will have to face and what
we should do to overcome them. The
purpose of these challenges is to educate
us, help us gain new life experiences, and
compelour personalitytoevolve.
This Number also reveals the tasks we must
handle and the personality traits we must
developincertainperiodsof ourlives.
People with this number are quite lucky in
everything. However, there is only one
challenge they need to overcome at this
level - the challenge of becoming self-
sufficient.
Be confident in your own strength and
cultivate self-esteem. You need to become a
more confident, independent and brave
versionofyourself.
53Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Discovering Passions
There are 6 key elements to igniting your passions by both remembering them and living
in alignment with them: childhood wonder, adult passions, your gifts, your dreams, your
values and your commitment.
Childhood wonders
When you were a child, what did you want to do when you grew up?
In the past (and as a child), what did you enjoy (everything you can think of from food
to activities, places you've gone to traditions you've had) and WHY did you like it?
Adult passions
What are the activities you do currently that bring you pleasure?
What do you know you love and would like to do but may not currently be doing?
What are other aspects of life that bring you joy, excitement and that energize you?
What have you been passionate about in your life?
Your gifts
When are you most yourself?
https://gein.vn |
Hotline: What makes you feel in flow?
0345.268.779
What comes easy for you that may be hard for others?
Your dreams
If you could have anything you want, what would it be?
If you could do anything you want, what would it be?
Your values
What would you like to change in the world?
In what way can you BE the change you want to see in the world?
What do you stand for?
Your commitment
What are the aspects of your life that you are committed to?
What are the values, dreams, gifts and passions that you are committed to fulfilling in
you life?
What would it take for you to live with integrity?
54Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Fixed Mindset and Growth Mindset
People with a Fixed People with a Growth
Mindset… Mindset…
...believe that knowledge and ...believe that knowledge and
skills are fixed and cannot be skills can be improved through
changed efforts
... like trying new things
...dislike trying new things
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
…avoid challenges and ...like challenges and are not
do not want to fail afraid of failures
...may put the blame on others ...consider failures opportunities
when they fail to grow
...feel offended at feedback and ...consider feedback a chance
criticisms to improve themselves
...make no effort to improve ...seek opportunities to improve
themselves and change themselves and change
55Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Mindset Assessment
In order to assess whether you have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, ask yourself
the following questions. There are no right or wrong answers. Choose the option that
best fits you. Remember: your mindset can change. You can absolutely adopt a growth
mindset.
Ibelieve Icanalways change mytalent, When something is hard, it makes me
nomatterhowmuchIhavetostartwith. want to try harder. It doesn’t make me
wanttogiveup.
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Strongly disagree(1 point)
Disagree(2points)
Disagree(2points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Somewhat agree(4points)
Agree (5points)
Agree (5points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
Strongly agree(6 points)
I like working on things that make me I know I can learn new things, but I
think hard. don’t believe I can change my
intelligence.
https://gein.vn | Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Hotline:
Disagree(2points) Disagree(5points)
0345.268.779
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
I don’t mind making a lot of errors I prefer doing things that I can do well
when I first start learning something atwithoutputtingalotofeffortintoit.
new.
Strongly disagree(1 point) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(2points) Disagree (5points)
Somewhat disagree(3 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(4points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (5points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(6points) Strongly agree(1 point)
To be continued
56Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
I prefer to work on things that I can do IfIhavetotryhardorputinextrawork,
perfectlyorgetrightmostofthetime. it makes me feel like I’m not good
enough.
Strongly disagree(6 points) Strongly disagree(6 points)
Disagree(5points) Disagree(5points)
Somewhat disagree(4 points) Somewhat disagree(4 points)
Somewhat agree(3points) Somewhat agree(3points)
Agree (2points) Agree (2points)
Strongly agree(1 point) Strongly agree(1 point)
Now, add up the points that correspond to each of your answers.
8–12 You strongly believe that your talents, intelligence, and abilities are fixed
traits that can’t be changed. You see putting in effort and trying hard as a
sign that you just aren’t good at what you’re doing. If you are not likely to
do well or succeed, you would rather not participate and instead choose
to do things that come easy for you. You believe that talented or highly
intelligent people are that way naturally and they do not have to put in
effortto be that way.
17–24 You believe your talents, intelligence, and abilities probably don’t change
very much. You tend to choose situations in which you don’t make many
https://gein.vn | mistakes, you tend to do well, and you don’t have to put in too much
Hotline: effort. You believe that learning and improving should be easy to do.
0345.268.779
25–32 You’re not sure if your talents, intelligence, or abilities can be changed,
but you recognize you can learn and change in some ways. You care
about your performance and being good at things, but you also value
learning something new that you’re not as good at, yet. You prefer not to
have to try too hard.
33–40 You believe you can increase your intelligence and improve your talents
and abilities. You care about learning and growing, and you’re not afraid
to put in effort to improve. You care about performing well, but you value
learning, too. You would never avoid doing something in order to avoid
looking or being bad at it.
41–48 You strongly believe that you can learn, grow, and improve in all areas,
including your talents, intelligence, and abilities. You enjoy being
challenged by things you’re not good at yet. You believe in the value of
hard work, you don’t fear making mistakes, looking bad, or even failing
because you know these things lead you to learn and improve. You value
the effort and learning it takes to succeed.
57Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Wheel of Life
The Wheel of Life is a simple but powerful tool designed to help you get a graphical
representation of the present balance between different areas regarding your life and
identify which will most benefit you when they are improved.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Rate your satisfaction with each area of your life on a scale from 1 to 10 and then fill in
the parts of the wheel to the corresponding level. The center of the wheel is considered
as 1 point and the outermost edges are considered as 10 points. You can use the 8
areas in this template or identify from 6 to 12 most important areas in your life and create
your very own wheel.
The question here is: With such a wheel, how rough will your life's ride be? What you
desire to achieve is a relatively even score among 7-10 areas. You'll want to prioritize
areas that have particularly low scores, however, you don’t always need to solve every
problem. You should evaluate the way areas interact with each other, and if there is an
area growing wherever others increase, and then deal with this area first.
58Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Set Long-Term Goals
Achieving any life goal requires knowing 3 things, which we refer to as “The 3 D’s.” In
order to know these 3 things, you must ask yourself 3 questions:
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What do you Why do you What must you do
really want? want it to achieve it?
Step 1 – Brainstorm
Write down everything you can think of (big or small) that you would like to change,
achieve or do. Focus on long term goals that can be reached within a year (or you can pick
a shorter or longer timeframe).These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
Step 2 – Simplify
Look at your list and group items that are similar or that can be combined into one larger
https://gein.vn |
goal.
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Step 3 – Prioritize
Look at your simplified goals and circle the ones you feel are your highest priority. Rate
each circled goal on a scale of 1 to 3, 1 being the highest priority and 3 being the least.
Step 4 – Identify Major Goals
Looking at your priorities, identify 1 to 2 goals that will make the biggest impact on your
life and will take about a year to implement.
My 2 Major Goals:
1.
2.
59Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Big Enough
Reason Why
Now, you must dig deep and make sure you have a true understanding of the REAL
reasons you want to reach your goals.
What is your goal?
Why do you want to achieve it?
What about that outcome makes you desire it?
https://gein.vn |
And why do you want that?
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Why?
Why?
Continue to ask yourself WHY until you get to the core reason you desire your goal. Do this
activity for each goal.
60Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
60-Day Plan
Now, it’s time to create your short-term goals. Create a NEW list that focuses only on
the first 2 months (60 days), or your first 2 milestones.
Brainstorm
What the tasks you will need to accomplish in the next 60 days (look at the next 2
milestones) in order to accomplish your sub-goals? Write down EVERYTHING you can
think of.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Next, you will arrange them in order of priority and what NEEDS to be done first before
moving on to the other things. Circle the ones that need to be done first.
61Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
30-Day Plan
Take the highest-priority items in your 60-Day Plan and put them in a list for month 1
(below). Put the rest in a list for month 2, and save it for later.
Brainstorm
For each of these items, brainstorm ALL of the TASKS that will need to be accomplished
in order to achieve these sub-goals in 30 days. Write down everything you can think of.
Detail is important here because these tasks need to be executable. Do not leave
anything out.
https://gein.vn |
Hotline:
0345.268.779
Prioritize
Prioritize each item on a scale of 1 to 4 by writing the numbers next to each item. 1
represents the most important OR needs to be done before you can begin on other tasks
and 4 being least important or time-sensitive. You now have the next 4 weeks’ tasks (1
through 4).
62Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
WHAT CLIENTS THINK ABOUT MAP FOR SUCCESS
Dr.AlokBharadwaj – Former Senior Vice PresidentandHead ofStrategy
at Canon Asia, where he led and developed business operations in 23
countries
“Looking at my Map for Success, I was very surprised because it
describedexactlywhatIhadbeenthrough.HavingtheLifePathnumber
1, I always had the urge to become a great leader, and to help other
leaders become better as well. Everything I have been pursuing is laid
outonthismap.
One of the most interesting things that I have noticed is how clear the
map is. The information it provides us with is not one-dimensional, but
What amazed me the most is that Map for Success was indeed able to
point out what qualities I possess, what I have achieved and even the
turning points in my life. According to the map, when I was 36, I was
influenced by Maturity Number 9 which signifies international expansion.
Andsureenough,thatwaswhenIwasworkinginover50countries.
Lifepath no. 1 –Destiny no. 8 Map for Success is a truly useful tool, especially to young people who
are looking for the right career path or making decisions that are
importanttotheirlives.”
Sylvia Fernadez, an international life coach expert with 20+ years of
experience coaching for more than 3000 leaders from global groups
likeHSBC,HP,Prudential,etc.
“Map for Success is a simple tool for us to understand ourselves. I
once failed to get the meaning of my pouring out for numerous
community projects, till I knew it was my Life path number 9 that
alwaysurgedmetodoallofthat.
That life path number is extremely accurate with my life. It clearly
mapsoutadescriptionofwhoIamandwhatIhavedonesofar.Iam
afirmbelieverandIbelievethathavingaMapforSuccessistohave
thebestheadstartonyourjourneytowardsuccess.”
Lifepath no. 9 –Destiny no. 1
63Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
Mr. Tony Dzung–General Director of HBR Business School
“After a 10-year career of providing consultation and directions to others and to
myself, I was truly surprised at how accurate my Map for Success is. Had I
known the information it provides sooner, I would have made so much more
progress, because it reveals my strengths and weaknesses, and offers the
solutions I need to build on my strengths and mitigate my weaknesses.
I can see that the GEIN team has employed scientific tools, processes and
methods in combination with real-life experiences, and therefore feel very
satisfied with this product. Had I had access to this report sooner, I would have
been able to avoid unwanted events in my life and shortened my journey towards
success.
In 2017, Langmasterreceived almost 18,500 job applications, which showed
that up to 62 percent of university and college students were looking for jobs in a
different field from what they had studied. This statistics demonstrates that many
university and college students have been wasting their youth, valuable
opportunities and the resources of themselves, their families and society as a
whole. This is why Map for Success is such a useful, important and much-
needed product for career orientation. Not only that, it’s even more necessary for
business executives, who are responsible for leading themselves, because only
Life Path Number: 7 –Destiny Number: 9 when we understand ourselves can we lead our teams in a way that every
member is brought together and shares the same vision.”
Mr. Nguyen Tat Kiem – CEO of Taki Group, a system of over 120 businesses
offeringtraininginmarketingacrossVietnam
“Every one of us, even the most accomplished individuals in human history,
encounter problems in our lives. But Map for Success will be able to help us
comeupwithsolutionsthatcanresolvethem.
NotonlydoesMapforSuccesshelpusresolveourproblems,butitalsoallows
ustoseizetherightopportunitiesthatwillbeofgreatbenefittousinthefuture.
In futureprojects, thanks toMapforSuccess, itwill beeasyformetochoose
therightpeopleandteamsforthejobsothattheprojectgoesassmoothlyas
possible.
The map is indeed a compass that aids me in my “education” mission, and
helpsmemakebreakthroughsonmyjourneyof“sowingseeds.”
Life Path Number: 11 –Destiny Number: 3
Mr. Adam Thien – President of Adam Group consisting of over 11 businesses
operatingindifferentindustries
“After everything I’ve been through, I can say that Map for Success is a
wonderful tool which is extremely accurate and understands me better than I
understandmyself.
Map for Success has given me the chance to understand my strengths,
weaknessesandmissions.Ittakesalotoftimeforapersontofindtheirmission;
somewillneverfinditintheirlifetime.Thistoolcametomeasanaffirmationthat
helpsmefeelmoreconfidentinthepathI’mtaking.
Not only that, Map for Success also revealed to me important time periods and
significant life events from the past to the future, thereby helping me better
prepare myself and achieve greater success. Opportunities come to us like
heavyrain,whatmattersiswhetherwecanseizetherightoneattherighttimeto
succeed. Manycompetent, intelligent andhardworkingpeople donotmakeuse
of their natural talents and strengths, or pursue the right missions, which is no
different from “rowing a boat upstream,” something that takes a lot of effort
Life Path Number: 1 –Destiny Number: 8 withoutproducinganyresults.”
64Full name: Dam Janie My-Linh Date of birth: 03/04/1965
COLLABORATION OPPORTUNITIES
GEIN strives to bring Map for Success to all 63
municipalities and provinces of Vietnam in the hope that
millions of Vietnamese people can live meaningful,
intellectual and happy lives.
Parace
l
Island
s
Spratly
Islands
If you want to join the GEIN
community of inspirational
leaders, please contact us!
Email:
Phone number:
65