UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE - 06/04/1977M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Sutherland Middle Forbye
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19770406KL4R5E
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 2 6
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 7 6
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
8 1 4
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
1 - 16/7,13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
5 9 4,5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
8,9,1,2,3 5,6,7,8,9 1,3,4,1
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
3,4,5 6 2,0,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
7
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
6 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
LIFE PATH NUMBER
7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
8 99
• Ability to analyze and think • High responsibility for work
logically
1111 2222 3333
• Good at strategy and
• Meticulous and high vision
standards
• Good intuition, good at
• Spirit of learning and self- grasping the laws of the
development universe
• Extensive knowledge • Resistant to pressure well
• High concentration ability • Speech is influential and
persuasive
Energy of Number 7
With energy number 7, you were born to become an
intelligent philosopher, a profound analyst and always
looking for faith. You always want to understand the
mysteries of life. You are very sensitive and intuitive.
Number 7 represents the world of wisdom, enlightenment
and correct faith. To achieve that, you focus on self-
development and continuous learning, looking deeply to
find the nature of things and events. The energy of number 7
is the energy of deep analysis and sharp intuition.
12SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
Your strengths
• Smart and rational before all problems of life
• Actively learn and increase knowledge
• Analyze and research carefully before drawing conclusions
• Good at contemplation and drawing valuable lessons
• Meticulous, aiming for certainty
• Like to be alone to focus on intellectual development and connect with the soul
Your weaknesses
• Be careful not to become cocky and overconfident in yourself
• Manage your emotions so avoid losing your temper
• Living in isolation from the outside world can limit your opportunities
• Learn how to communicate and cooperate with people
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Always research and analyze carefully to
come up with the best implementation plan
• Once you have developed good expertise,
you will be the one to set the vision and
development strategy for your team.
• Don't be afraid to continuously learn and
develop yourself to do the best job possible
• Perfectionist and has high standards in work
Advice
• Be more agile in making decisions
• Be a perfectionist but don't become domineering and imposing.
• Use your sharing ability to help your colleagues develop better.
• Be more proactive and positive in contributing and sharing
opinions.The working environment requires high teamwork
ability.
• Leadership model: strategy and vision
13SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Gain trust because of his erudite
intelligence
• Give advice and strategies to
others in a good way
• Promote intuition in understanding
and building relationships
Advice
You are introverted, reserved and do not actively communicate, which invisibly limits
your ability to have quality relationships. Know that you need others as much as they
need you. There are still good friends out there and sometimes you miss things when
you're too focused on judging others. Besides, don't be too skeptical, try opening your
heart to trust others.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 7
 Believe in your abilities and accept every opportunity to become someone who can
share, advise and help those around you develop both knowledge and spiritual
values.
 With number 7 energy, live with the belief that when you work well and live well,
miracles will come to your life. Living with the attitude of constantly analyzing and
doubting everything can be exhausting and draining.
 Go to nature and spend quiet time to discover your inner power. Subjects such as
meditation or yoga are especially suitable for people number 7.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 7 is expressed in laziness, low
standards, indiscipline and lack of ability to dig deeper into problems. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on planning your studies and seriously developing your
expertise. Therefore, you can confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
Career orientation
Suitable careers for The Life Path Number 7 people include scientific research,
archeology, analyst, psychoanalyst, surgeon, historian, biologist, police investigator,
scientist newspapers, psychiatrists,...With a soul oriented towards humanistic values,
you are also suitable to be a lecturer, humanitarian worker, monk,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a strategist, a lighthouse that
enlightens everyone with a big enough heart,
enough effort and a small enough ego
15SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
DESTINY NUMBER The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
6 resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A CARING PERSON WHO SPREADS
UNCONDITIONAL LOVE TO PEOPLE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Living emotionally and nurturing others
• Empathetic, tolerant and understanding
• Gentle and possessing the ability to heal people
• Willing to sacrifice personal interests for others
• High responsibility and longing for creating a sustainable society
Message for you
With a compassionate heart, you can help others overcome their challenges and make
their lives better. However, it is essential to nurture a strong connection with your family.
Family is a solid foundation, teaching you to love yourself and people. Additionally,
enhancing your knowledge in education, psychology and creativity is very beneficial.
Willing to give and doing everything with passion will bring you incredibly wonderful things,
not material things, but with a "loving heart".
16SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
BALANCE NUMBER 2
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Desire to resolve problems peacefully,
even if it means making personal
sacrifices
• Utilize sharp intuition to make insightful
choices
• Gather diverse perspectives to find the
best solution for the majority
Things to keep in mind:
• Recognize when to be assertive to
protect yourself and avoid being
exploited
• Use reason to guide your actions,
avoiding over-dependence on emotions
• Listen selectively and have your own
perspective
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require
balancing the heart and the mind.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
20SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 6
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle, peaceful and family-oriented
• Compassionate, empathetic and moved by hardship
• Highly responsible and artistically creative
Natural abilities
• Skilled in active listening and giving encouragement to others
• Flexible in analyzing situations and providing empathetic
advice
• Excellent attention to detail skills
The environment for your talent development
Opportunity for contribution Beauty and Supportive and
and creativity wellness care respectful workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONALITY NUMBER 8
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a business executive
• You are independent and very confident in your own abilities.
• People are highly impressed by your excellent negotiating skills and business
acumen.
• Due to your high vigilance, people can not easily take advantage of you.
• You are a great relationship builder who can drive team performance towards
shared success.
• You are respected for your discipline, integrity and decisiveness.
The greatest glory in life is not in never failing, but in getting up every
time you fail.
- Nelson Mandela -
22SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
1 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self
• You need to continuously learn and innovate in your work.
• When working in a team, you should take the initiative to set direction and
motivate the members.
• Be more proactive in making decisions and dare to express your own
opinions.
• To maximize your potential, you should be open-minded and listen to others’
opinions.
23SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
MATURITY NUMBER
4 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate your own discipline, principles and ethics
• Establish a detailed plan and persistently pursue your goals
• Continuously develop your professional expertise
• Equip yourself with knowledge about investment, finance and real
estate
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to develop yourself into a true expert.’’
24SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
ATTITUDE NUMBER 1
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are an independent and proactive individual who dislikes relying on others for
help.
• You firmly believe in your ability to overcome any challenges that life throws your
way.
• You see life as a world brimming with potential awaiting exploration.
• Sometimes you can be impulsive, not carefully considering the outcomes before
acting.
• You have a high competitive spirit, prefer proving personal opinion and desire
community recognition. You should cultivate humility, active listening and continuous
learning.
25SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Dismiss others' opinions due to a self-perceived superiority
• Display arrogance, resulting in alienation from those around
• Lack loyalty and appreciation for relationships or possessions
• Overthink and hesitate excessively, often leading to wrong or delayed
decisions
Lessons for you:
• Identify your core values to discard irrelevant matters
• Overcome arrogance, and treat people with respect and trust
• Be open-minded and embrace unexpected things in life
• Be sincere and loyal in love
26SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
5
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a sharp thinker, always carrying
a high energy frequency.
• You often tend to solve problems easily,
spontaneously, and quickly.
B˜n luôn gi° v°ng lý trí, ˛n ˝˙nh ˝ˆˇc c˘m xúc , bình tĩnh trước mọi vấn (cid:28)ề
• You are willing to make risky decisions
without being afraid of challenges.
Suggestions for you:
• Try to regulate emotions, balance
between reality and imagination.
• Before making a decision, you should
consider and evaluate carefully to
keep everything in control and your
solution ability.
27SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
9
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Don't be too perfectionist with yourself which definitely puts pressure on yourself
• Always aim for humanistic values and cultivate a mind toward goodness
• Create relationships with other humane people to gain additional perspectives
on how to solve problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing moral and humane roots will be your guideline
whenever you encounter difficulties and challenges.
28SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
GENERATION NUMBER 6
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 6:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 6, you embody love, care, and
healing, and always appreciate family and emotional relationships.
• You are emotional, sympathetic, and always empathetic in difficult situations.
• What you need to do is spread good values through love, tolerance, harmony, and
a cohesive way of life through family relationships.
• You are suitable for creative, community-oriented work as well as psychological
counseling and soul healing.
Prominent advantages:
• Good ability to understand, sympathize, and share with others
• High responsibility spirit
• Be willing to give and sacrifice your own interests
• The ability to nurture and create a feeling of warmth and safety
Challenges:
• Too much love turns into control and imposition
• Easily losing your temper and falling into a negative state
• Erratic emotions that overcome rationales.
29SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 4
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer safety, stability, and certainty in all things even if they are big or small.
• You are proactive in every situation, feel secure when everything is scheduled, and
follow the plan in a stable manner.
• You are highly disciplined and want to work in an environment with processes and
frameworks.
• You like practical, detailed things and keep persistent with your goals.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to proactively seek
opportunities for personal development, and dare to step out of your
comfort zone to experience many new things in life.
30SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
31SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1
Pinnacle 4
(age 48 - age 56)
Pinnacle 3
(age 39 - age 47)
4
1 3
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 29) (age 30 - age 38)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 29)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 1
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture your confidence, leadership skills, and
transform yourself into a better version.
Cultivate independence
• This pinnacle cycle demands that you learn to solve problems and confront difficult
situations independently.
• You gain additional courage and confidence to take control of your life and stand
on your own two feet.
Develop leadership skills
• There are many opportunities for you to lay the groundwork for becoming a leader,
but what's crucial is that you seize and make the most of them.
• Initiating a project or establishing your own company or business could also be a
goal you should set during this stage.
Pioneer and create new value
• You need the courage to step out of your comfort zone and relentlessly pursue your
personal goals.
• Dare to think differently and take action, leading the way. Thereby, you can create
trends or new achievements in a particular field.
33SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Sensitivity: During this period, you face rapid changes in emotions, so you may be
skeptical of yourself, and overly worried about the future.
• Balance loss: Life requires you to regulate many aspects at the same time, but you
may not be able to adapt quickly to change, so you gradually lose balance.
• Emotional chaos: You often face a chain of emotional challenges, going along with
your growth and maturity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Well-managed emotions: Facing emotional challenges, you must learn how to
adapt and manage your emotions to maintain psychological stability and build
good relationships with others.
• Time management: By focusing on what's truly important and meaningful, you can
ensure that your time and energy are invested in worthwhile things
34SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 30 - age 38)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 3
This is not only the time to achieve goals but also an opportunity to build a strong
foundation for the future. Expressing yourself, communicating effectively, and developing
creativity will be the key factors to propel you to new levels of success in both career and
life.
Express yourself and shape your lifestyle
• Expressing yourself is the ability to share your thoughts, emotions, and values with
others. To do this, you need to understand yourself and know what you want.
• Be proactive in seeking opportunities to develop personal skills; work hard, and
build a strong personal brand.
Utilize communication skills
• You will shine in this pinnacle cycle if you can flexibly combine confidence,
independence, discipline, and utilize your great articulation to inspire others.
Pursue passions
• Throughout this pinnacle cycle, you may seek areas and activities that align with
your abilities and interests, especially nurturing language skills.
• Pursuing a career in your passion and competence will make you stand out above
the crowd.
35SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Challenge number 0 at this stage will be the time when you can apply the
experience accumulated from the previous stage to find a smarter way to
handle and choose to cope with challenges that may arise
• If you can apply and execute successfully, this phase challenge is not a big
concern for you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Act wisely and consider carefully: Every challenge at this moment comes from
your choices. So act wisely, because no challenge or many obstacles are your
choice.
• Be flexible to face all challenges: Dare to do, dare to take responsibility, don't
be afraid of failure. You will reach success during this period.
36SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 39 - age 47)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 4
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to build a strong mindset, acquire knowledge,
and further, share your expertise with others.
Build a resilient mindset
• Life offers you opportunities to strengthen and create stability for the future.
• "Slow and steady wins the race" - Perseverance, diligence, and giving your all will
help you achieve happiness and prosperity.
Strengthen your discipline
• You need to seize opportunities to maintain discipline, detail, and package
processes.
• Always track the set goals and pursue success relentlessly.
• Use critical thinking and strategic skills to develop step-by-step plans.
Delve into expertise
• You need to position yourself as an expert in a specific field, then use that expertise
to train and replicate people like yourself.
• Investing in and research will be the most valuable long-term investments.
37SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
38SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 48 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 1
In this pinnacle cycle, life offers you the opportunity to further solidify your position and
leadership capabilities. What you need to do is maintain an active state, be creative, and
have an open mind to embrace new things.
Become an experienced leader
• Your astuteness, sharpness, and innate ability honed over time can make you reliable,
earning recognition and respect from others.
• You will have many opportunities to become an inspirational leader in a particular field.
Pioneer and make renovations
• You are trustworthy and entrusted with leadership roles in various tasks due to your
courage and experience accumulated over time.
• You are willing to update and familiarize yourself with new things.
Focus on self-prioritization
• Instead of focusing too much on others' opinions and judgments, you should
prioritize how to make yourself happier, independent, and decisive in all matters.
• Listen to and respect everyone's opinions, control your confidence to avoid
appearing dictatorial, conservative, or arrogant.
39SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with balancing emotions
• Be sensitive and lack confidence because you care too much about what
other people think about you
• Take on too much responsibility and do not have time for yourself
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be brave in facing your feelings: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and
family, or join a support group to enhance your positive energy, helping you
overcome negative emotions.
• Learn to say “No" firmly if you don't want to do something: You should analyze
and consider the appropriateness of assigned tasks and responsibilities so that
you do not become overloaded.
40SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
41SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
42SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
43SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
44SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
45SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
46SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
47SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
51SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
52SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
53SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60SUTHERLAND MIDDLE FORBYE
06/04/1977
CONCLUSION
Dear Sutherland Middle Forbye
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61