UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN - 24/02/2013M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Fletcher Tobin Tường An
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20130224VK7D9A
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
5 2 22
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 8 6
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
5 3 9
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
8 4 14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
3 8 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
6,7,8,9,1 3,4,5,6,7 8,3,2,8
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
1,2,3 6 4,0,4,4
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
5
LIFE PATH
8
SOUL URGE
22 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
LIFE PATH NUMBER
5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3 indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Flexible, free • Smart, bright
11 22 33
• Rich imagination • Attract and connect
• Open-minded and
• Conquer and explore
generous
• Manage and handle
• High energy, positive, fun
situations well
• Clever, seizing good
opportunities • Accept confrontation
and challenges
Energy of Number 5
With energy number 5, you were born with freedom,
creativity and enthusiasm. Discovering unknown things is
your strength. The number 5 refers to an extremely powerful
source of energy. Therefore, number 5's people often
succeed thanks to innovation and creativity. Flexibility and
versatility help you complete assigned tasks excellently.
12FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
Your strengths
• Optimistic, positive, energetic
• Open-minded, adaptable
• Resourceful and multi-talented
• Smart and full of ideas
• Adventurous , not afraid to face difficulties
Your weaknesses
• "If you crave it, you'll soon get bored", not being steadfast with your goals
• Managing emotions and mental health
• Avoiding excessive indulgence and inability to escape from it
• Wasteful and too ostentatious
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Creative and full of groundbreaking ideas
• Easy to adapt and seize opportunities, not
afraid of challenges
• Be able to persuade helps you achieve good
results at work
• Be intelligence and agility help you
understand and perform tasks quickly
Advice
• Be persistent and determined to your goals
• Choose the suitable job carefully. Frequent job changes can
negatively impact your brand value.
• Control your emotions and thoughts for the big picture
• Leadership model: continuous innovation and creativity
13FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Rich in sympathy for unfortunate lives
• Attractive and easy to get along with
people
• Interesting and knows how to make
conversations engaging
• The ability to build connected communities
Advice
Your love for freedom and constant self-renewal can make you easily feel bored and
want to give up if you feel controlled in a relationship. However, it is crucial to be honest
and openly share your feelings to gain understanding. Only then can you maintain
quality and lasting relationships. In addition, you should be careful not to say things that
you cannot do or make empty promises
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 5
 Use your energy and enthusiasm to ignite passion in others and motivate them to
achieve success.
 Focus on building your personal brand through social media channels to increase
your ability to connect and spread positive values. Take advantage of the
opportunity to shine anytime, anywhere.
 A very important message is that no matter how much freedom and exploration you
have, don't forget to practice discipline. The more number 5’s people maintain
discipline and cultivate moral roots, the more successful and happy they will be.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 5 is expressed in rigidity, fear of
commitment, slovenliness, introversion, and social anxiety. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on developing your self-confidence, communication skills and building a
neat and attractive image. Only then can you be able to fully utilize the energy of
number 5 and reach your life's destination.
14FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
Career orientation
You thrive in creative environments and social and artistic fields where you can utilize
your tactful communication skills and natural enthusiasm such as: tour guide, flight
attendant, journalist, writer, speaker, director, actor, fashion designer, photographer,
social media manager, project manager, sales business, marketing,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become an innovator who creates
creative, positive values
for the community.
15FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
22
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A MASTER BUILDER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Have a high responsibility, dedication and passion
• Be disciplined and capable of executing plans effectively
• Create innovative solutions and values
• Possess networking skills and a keen intuition
• Own a groundbreaking creativity and an unique mindset
Message for you
Destiny Number 22 is a combination of Destiny Number 2 (intuition, connection) and Destiny
Number 4 (discipline, execution). Thus, you must create solutions and initiatives that are
sustainable and beneficial to the community. It is essential to continuously enrich your mind
and become an expert in a field bringing meaning to life. Moreover, you need the right faith
and a determined spirit to achieve your goals.
16FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
8
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions in
life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
BALANCE NUMBER 2
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Desire to resolve problems peacefully,
even if it means making personal
sacrifices
• Utilize sharp intuition to make insightful
choices
• Gather diverse perspectives to find the
best solution for the majority
Things to keep in mind:
• Recognize when to be assertive to
protect yourself and avoid being
exploited
• Use reason to guide your actions,
avoiding over-dependence on emotions
• Listen selectively and have your own
perspective
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require
balancing the heart and the mind.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
20FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 6
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle, peaceful and family-oriented
• Compassionate, empathetic and moved by hardship
• Highly responsible and artistically creative
Natural abilities
• Skilled in active listening and giving encouragement to others
• Flexible in analyzing situations and providing empathetic
advice
• Excellent attention to detail skills
The environment for your talent development
Opportunity for contribution Beauty and Supportive and
and creativity wellness care respectful workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONALITY NUMBER 5
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a creative and
innovative person.
• You easily make a positive impression on others through your graceful, humorous
and friendly demeanor.
• You are a captivating storyteller and bring comfort to others.
• You are free-spirited and not afraid to be your true self.
• You have many unique ideas to apply in your work and life.
• You are flexible but fickle, lacking concentration and commitment.
Only change is constant in life.
- Heraclitus -
22FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
3 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• You should learn to express your emotions more clearly with others.
• Be confident and showcase your talents in a healthy way, avoiding excessive
self-expression.
• Cultivating your relationships openly and sincerely is very beneficial to create
a strong foundation for understanding and positive interaction.
23FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
MATURITY NUMBER
9 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential human skills to empower others to awaken their inner light and
wisdom
• Actively engaging in humanitarian activities to plant positive seeds for the world
• Dedicate yourself to serving family, clan, community and society
• Enhance foreign language proficiency and seize opportunities for development
abroad
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person
who spreads humanistic values to the world.”
24FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
ATTITUDE NUMBER 8
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You see life from a practical perspective and often evaluate issues based on their
benefits.
• You can recognize potential business opportunities in everyday life.
• You are a visionary and often evaluate things in the overall context.
• When encountering challenges, whether fearful or stumbling, you never give up but
keep moving forward.
• You are straightforward, genuine and clear-headed. You dislike anything vague or
beating around the bush.
25FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
27FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a newly random way of
thinking, sometimes a bit unusual.
• You tend to choose challenging
methods and unique approaches.
• Sometimes your way of thinking is
influenced by emotional factors.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall
overview.
• You need to clearly analyze each
option before making a choice.
28FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
8
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Define clearly and specifically the journey you want to conquer
• Promote continuous personal development through learning about business or
business models,...
• Develop relationships to get more perspectives from many people in solving problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing clear plans and goals will help you come up with the right
approaches when solving problems, thereby moving forward.
29FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
GENERATION NUMBER 6
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 6:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 6, you embody love, care, and
healing, and always appreciate family and emotional relationships.
• You are emotional, sympathetic, and always empathetic in difficult situations.
• What you need to do is spread good values through love, tolerance, harmony, and
a cohesive way of life through family relationships.
• You are suitable for creative, community-oriented work as well as psychological
counseling and soul healing.
Prominent advantages:
• Good ability to understand, sympathize, and share with others
• High responsibility spirit
• Be willing to give and sacrifice your own interests
• The ability to nurture and create a feeling of warmth and safety
Challenges:
• Too much love turns into control and imposition
• Easily losing your temper and falling into a negative state
• Erratic emotions that overcome rationales.
30FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
31FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
8
Pinnacle 4
(age 50 - age 58)
Pinnacle 3
(age 41 - age 49)
2
8 3
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 31) (age 32 - age 40)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 31)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 8
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop a secure financial foundation and lay
the groundwork for your own business in the future.
Build financial foundation
• Life offers valuable opportunities for you to leverage monetary and material
resources.
• Always be honest, work diligently, and make wise decisions to build a strong
financial foundation and achieve success in life.
Develop career opportunities
• You will have opportunities to develop professional and leadership skills, to make
positive contributions to companies or organizations, and advance to positions of
authority.
• You have time to plan, identify areas of expertise, create unique business models,
and move towards starting your own company.
33FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Lack of discipline: During this period, you are easily self-indulgent, lack discipline,
and break the rules
• Easy relinquishment: In challenge number 4, you need to pay attention to your
sense of giving up when faced with difficult challenges that require a lot of
perseverance and pursuit to conquer.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Practice self-discipline: This involves setting rules and goals for yourself, then
focusing on sticking to and implementing them.
• Focus on both the process and the results: It's important to make persevering
efforts every day and think about the end result you have set as your goal to avoid
giving up easily
• Take time for yourself: To maintain perseverance, you need to take time for
yourself. This includes relaxing, exercising, or participating in activities you enjoy
which give you motivation to face challenges.
34FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 32 - age 40)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 3
This is not only the time to achieve goals but also an opportunity to build a strong
foundation for the future. Expressing yourself, communicating effectively, and developing
creativity will be the key factors to propel you to new levels of success in both career and
life.
Express yourself and shape your lifestyle
• Expressing yourself is the ability to share your thoughts, emotions, and values with
others. To do this, you need to understand yourself and know what you want.
• Be proactive in seeking opportunities to develop personal skills; work hard, and
build a strong personal brand.
Utilize communication skills
• You will shine in this pinnacle cycle if you can flexibly combine confidence,
independence, discipline, and utilize your great articulation to inspire others.
Pursue passions
• Throughout this pinnacle cycle, you may seek areas and activities that align with
your abilities and interests, especially nurturing language skills.
• Pursuing a career in your passion and competence will make you stand out above
the crowd.
35FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Challenge number 0 at this stage will be the time when you can apply the
experience accumulated from the previous stage to find a smarter way to
handle and choose to cope with challenges that may arise
• If you can apply and execute successfully, this phase challenge is not a big
concern for you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Act wisely and consider carefully: Every challenge at this moment comes from
your choices. So act wisely, because no challenge or many obstacles are your
choice.
• Be flexible to face all challenges: Dare to do, dare to take responsibility, don't
be afraid of failure. You will reach success during this period.
36FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 41 - age 49)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 2
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to enhance your ability to cooperate in
relationships and live more slowly to listen to yourself and others.
Develop relationships
• Taking responsibility for connecting with others and advising them on problem-
solving will help your work grow and develop smoothly.
• You need to maintain balance, diplomacy, and a cooperative spirit in your
relationships.
Develop intuition
• The combination of rich life experience and strong intuition helps you become more
sensitive. You have the ability to understand the needs of others and how to help
them.
• This is a prime time to enhance your knowledge of counseling, arts, music, or other
areas that support others.
Live slowly
• Everything in your life comes naturally and has its own arrangements.
• Focus on developing your understanding of the world both internally and externally.
• Live and behave modestly, as showing yourself too much usually does not bring
positive impact.
37FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty disciplining yourself
• Don't manage time during the day leads to overwhelming and negative emotions
• Be overconfident in your own abilities leads to conservatism
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Face problems: Instead of procrastinating or fleeing, you need to face all
challenges directly and persevere in solving problems to the end.
• Make a detailed plan: Make detailed plans and goals for each period so it's easy
to control and act upon.
• Get ready to broaden your knowledge: Instead of closing your inherent thinking
in a stereotypical way and following a beaten path, learn to think more multi-
dimensionally and be willing to learn from others.
38FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 50 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 8
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to further strengthen the material
aspect through opportunities in business, finance, etc. Your task is to plan appropriately to
be ready for every potential outcome.
Develop career opportunities
• Regardless of age, you can still seize new opportunities and achieve significant goals.
• Experience, wisdom, and social relationships accumulated over time are great
advantages for you.
• Be confident in seizing and resolutely pursuing your goals and tasks.
Maximize business capabilities
• During this pinnacle, you can explore new fields in business or delve deeper into
areas where you already have experience.
• You have the potential to start your own business based on your knowledge and
relationships or participate in business projects with potential for growth.
Increase significant material accumulation opportunities
• The potential for material accumulation during this pinnacle is significant. You
should plan for financial management, tap into economic potential, protect assets,
and gradually develop retirement plans.
39FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty managing time, easily giving up or procrastinating
• Lack reality and a lot of daydreaming
• Easily get caught up in the details and miss the overall picture
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be determined to the goals: Discipline yourself with the smallest things then
gradually increase the difficulty.
• Focus on the present: Don't focus too much on the past or future, just live at
the moment, from there you will easily see what you can realistically achieve.
• Make a clear plan: You should have specific plans and goals when facing
problems that need to be solved.
40FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
41FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
42FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
43FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
44FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
45FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
46FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
47FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
48FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
49FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
51FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
52FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
53FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60FLETCHER TOBIN TƯỜNG AN
24/02/2013
CONCLUSION
Dear Fletcher Tobin Tường An
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61