UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN - 24/08/1983M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Dương Văn Tuan
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19830824AM0F0U
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 1 1
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
7 5 6
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
5 0 9
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
5 8,9 19/1,14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,9,5,11
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
7,8,9 3 2,3,1,5
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
8
LIFE PATH
5
SOUL URGE
1 7
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
LIFE PATH NUMBER
8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
77 99
• Attractive, high energy • Good copy ability
1111 2222 3333
• Ambitious, have clear • Capable of influencing
goals
• Practical, clear
• Excellent management
• High self-esteem and
• High standards of ego
quality of life
• Learn through
• Be sensitive to business experience
opportunities
Energy of Number 8
Carrying the energy of number 8, you represent leadership,
strength, wealth and power, the spirit of an entrepreneur
Number 8 people have excellent organizing, leading,
guiding and commanding skills. You are ambitious, have
goals and always desire to achieve them as quickly and
effectively as possible. You have great intellectual and
emotional abilities.
This is the number of leaders and those who wield power
wisely. You have all the conditions to unite people, make
them believe and work towards a common ideal.
12DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
Your strengths
• Have positive energy, extremely attractive
• Be fair and have the right moral values
• Ambitious and likes to challenge myself
• Creativity and passion help you realize your dreams
• Courageous and steadfast to the end
• Be clear and straightforward in everything
Your weaknesses
• Manage emotions to always maintain positive energy
• Being ambitious can make you use any means necessary to achieve your goals.
But never forget the moral values you need to cultivate.
• Imbalance between work, power and other aspects of life.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Addicted to work and always trying my best
• Help those you work with maximize your
potential
• You learn and grow on the job through real-
life experiences
• Ability to manage and lead others to achieve
goals
Advice
• In the early stages, don't put too much emphasis on money
and finances. Focusing on giving and serving with all your
heart will help you get unexpected opportunities.
• Support colleagues with a sincere heart
• Balance your ambitions for power with other aspects of life
such as health, family, friends, etc.
• Leadership role models: high goals and long-term visions
13DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are attractive and make
connections easily
• Bright appearance and
communication ability are your
strengths
• Be clear and unambiguous, especially
in financial matters
• Be dedicated and always do your
best in relationships
Advice
Sometimes your ego is so high that you only focus on criticizing and protecting your
own rights without considering the perspectives of others. Stay calm and learn to
listen and respond positively, only then will you be able to maintain good quality
relationships
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 8
 With the energy of number 8, you are extremely ambitious, with excellent
organizing, leading, guiding and commanding abilities. There are times when you
will experience ups and downs and challenges, but believe that nothing and no
one can stop you from walking on the path of success in your life.
 Number 8's dreams are never small, dream big and always aim for a quality and
classy life.
 Pursue happiness and success with wisdom, maturity and discipline. Sometimes
appreciating and rewarding yourself is absolutely necessary to keep you
motivated. Learn to be grateful and appreciate what you have and have
achieved.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 8 is expressed as contentment,
passivity, aimlessness, carelessness and negativity. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you hone your communication
skills, regain confidence, and reach common goals. Therefore, you can confidently
walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
Career orientation
The ideal career for people with The Life Path Number 8 is big business, jobs related to
finance, commerce, large corporations, senior executive positions, banking, financial or
political consultant, advisor, corporate lawyer, investment broker, sourcing
agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil engineer, athlete , chain store
manager, government official, manufacturer, or school principal, etc. There are also
many artists and actors with Life Path Number 8 energy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person with excellent
transformation and executive capacity
15DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
1
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
to become a LEADER and a PIONEER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny
• Self-awareness and constant self-development
• Independent spirit and a strong sense of responsibility
• Logical thinking, perseverance and unwavering determination to pursue goals
• Courage, willingness to be different, and continuous innovation
• Ability to provide direction and lead others
Message for you
Your destiny is closely tied to the word “leadership”; however, you must first learn to “lead
yourself” by building a strong belief in your potential and continuously upgrading yourself.
You should courageously step outside the comfort zone to immerse yourself in unique
experiences that reflect your true essence. Being open to listening and sharing your ideas
with others are also very beneficial. Empathetic communication will help you inspire and
guide others to achieve their goals.
16DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
7
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Upgrade yourself by continuous learning
• Make time for self-reflection and nurture your inner self
• Build right beliefs and trust with everyone around
• Learn to align your mind, body and spirit for your unified whole
17DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
SOUL URGE The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
5 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions in life
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue your
goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion area
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear paths
for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities for
your relationships
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
BALANCE NUMBER 1
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Think and act independently, preferring
to solve your own problem
• Proactively analyze the situation from a
rational and comprehensive perspective
• Take swift, precise and decisive actions
Things to keep in mind:
• Consult others before taking action
• Be flexible and willing to adapt to
specific situations
• Avoid being overly obsessed with
success which can cause stress
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require balancing independence
and collaboration.
20DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 6
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle, peaceful and family-oriented
• Compassionate, empathetic and moved by hardship
• Highly responsible and artistically creative
Natural abilities
• Skilled in active listening and giving encouragement to others
• Flexible in analyzing situations and providing empathetic
advice
• Excellent attention to detail skills
The environment for your talent development
Opportunity for contribution Beauty and Supportive and
and creativity wellness care respectful workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONALITY NUMBER 5
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a creative and
innovative person.
• You easily make a positive impression on others through your graceful, humorous
and friendly demeanor.
• You are a captivating storyteller and bring comfort to others.
• You are free-spirited and not afraid to be your true self.
• You have many unique ideas to apply in your work and life.
• You are flexible but fickle, lacking concentration and commitment.
Only change is constant in life.
- Heraclitus -
22DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
MATURITY NUMBER
9 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential human skills to empower others to awaken their inner light and
wisdom
• Actively engaging in humanitarian activities to plant positive seeds for the world
• Dedicate yourself to serving family, clan, community and society
• Enhance foreign language proficiency and seize opportunities for development
abroad
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person
who spreads humanistic values to the world.”
23DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
ATTITUDE NUMBER 5
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have an optimistic and fearless spirit, always seeking out interesting things to
explore in life.
• Each day, you find newness in your work.
• You are enthusiastic about changes and strive for continuous personal
development.
• You enjoy doing things in different ways.
• You often create your own joy and make life colorful
• You often have novel ideas and perspectives.
24DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
25DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
26DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
27DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
28DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
8
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are strong, powerful, and decisive
in your thinking and actions.
• You tend to be far-sighted, always
observing the whole picture, and
details are not your priority.
Suggestions for you:
• Learn to calm down, argue less, learn
to give and control your ego.
• Reduce focus on material aspects of
money, which makes your spirit more
comfortable and positively supports
your way of thinking.
29DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
GENERATION NUMBER 3
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 3:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 3, you value personal joy and
always live true to your feelings.
• Value friendships and relationships that bring amusement
• Happy energy, a sense of humor, sharing ability
• What you need to do is learn how to keep your emotions in a positive state and
maintain a high level of energy to motivate constant action.
• You are suitable for jobs related to speaking, sharing, and inspiration.
Prominent advantages:
• Creativity and bountiful imagination
• Optimistic spirit, positive belief in all situations
• Communication ability with many different audiences
• Great language command to express thoughts well
Challenges:
• Excessive optimism leads to a shortage of possible risk anticipation
• Almost all reactions and action tendencies are dominated and governed by
emotional energy
• The generation is easily distracted, having difficulty in keeping commitments
31DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
32DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
11
Pinnacle 4
(age 47 - age 55)
Pinnacle 3
(age 38 - age 46)
5
5 9
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 28) (age 29 - age 37)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 28)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 5
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to immerse yourself in new and exciting life
experiences, thereby developing knowledge and enhancing your ability to adapt to
change.
Experience and learn
• Life will offer you many new experiences to broaden your life experience and
explore the world around you.
• By learning from different cultures, participating in diverse activities and events,
you open the door to knowledge and hone your creative thinking.
Embrace changes
• You will have the opportunity to learn how to adapt to changes from various
aspects such as work, family, and relationships.
• When faced with these changes, you will find ways to create balance in life.
34DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Sensitivity: During this period, you face rapid changes in emotions, so you may be
skeptical of yourself, and overly worried about the future.
• Balance loss: Life requires you to regulate many aspects at the same time, but you
may not be able to adapt quickly to change, so you gradually lose balance.
• Emotional chaos: You often face a chain of emotional challenges, going along with
your growth and maturity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Well-managed emotions: Facing emotional challenges, you must learn how to
adapt and manage your emotions to maintain psychological stability and build
good relationships with others.
• Time management: By focusing on what's truly important and meaningful, you can
ensure that your time and energy are invested in worthwhile things
35DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 29 - age 37)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 9
This is the time to open the door wider to community involvement, to give love and sincere
assistance.
Engage in community activities
• You have ample experience participating in volunteer activities. You find happiness
and meaning in dedicating time and energy to share and care for the community.
• You realize that even your small contribution can make a significant difference in
others' lives.
• Additionally, serving and giving unconditionally will bring you many rewards and a
sense of peace in your soul.
Change and be mature in cognition
• You have a clearer understanding of your true worth, social issues, the environment,
as well as a deeper appreciation of your role in the community and the world.
• You learn to be more tolerant, to let go of past pain, and to seize opportunities.
36DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
37DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 38 - age 46)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 5
This is the pinnacle cycle where you step out of your comfort zone to embrace new
relationships, experiences, and dare to be different while unleashing your unique creativity.
Build new and diverse relationships
• Life will provide you with opportunities to continue expanding your life experiences
with various groups of people and explore the world around you.
• You will improve your communication skills with others and meet many new people.
• The opportunity to promote your personal image and learn to adapt to changes is
also a highlight of this pinnacle cycle.
Create and innovate
• You need to harness your breakthrough creativity to avoid being left behind.
• Listen to your soul and understand what your mission in life is. Give yourself the
chance to explore new things, step out of your comfort zone, and refresh your life.
Pursue goals relentlessly
• Always maintain perseverance when pursuing your life's biggest goals.
Opportunities will always come with many challenges, and the lesson for you is
about discipline and self-control.
• There will be conflicts arising, so you need to stay away from things you know are
wrong or unethical.
38DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
39DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 47 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 11
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring opportunities for you to strengthen and spread your
knowledge. You also need to learn to work deeper with your emotions and intuition to
unleash this special potential.
Inspire others
• You have enough awareness and ability to inspire others.
• You can share your knowledge and experience in various ways. Sharing not only
helps you inspire but also creates a positive influence on others.
Understand deeply the spiritual world
• This pinnacle cycle is an opportunity for you to explore spiritual aspects such as
philosophy, religion, meditation, yoga, and methods of exploring inner consciousness.
• You can focus on developing your intuition, such as the ability to perceive and
understand deeper about the thoughts and feelings of others.
Balance emotions to behave appropriately
• Trust your intuition and let it guide you to wise choices and decisions
• Continue to learn how to balance your emotions, be calmer, observe, and evaluate
everything around you with the wisdom of life to be able to master every situation.
40DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Be resentful, anxious and have negative emotions
• Become reserved and less interested in new things
• Lack serious commitment , tending to neglect responsibilities
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Control your emotions: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and family, or join
a support group to enhance positive energy, helping you overcome negative
emotions.
• Learn to say “No": Learn to refuse inappropriate things to focus on your core goal.
• Commit to execute: Learn about the importance of keeping promises.
41DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
42DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
44DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
45DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
46DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
47DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
48DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
49DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
50DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
51DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
52DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
53DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
54DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61DƯƠNG VĂN TUAN
24/08/1983
CONCLUSION
Dear Dương Văn Tuan
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62