Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Parents,
Congratulations on obtaining the Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for your child Lê Gia Vũ . This map will serve as a
compass that enables you to unlock your child's future and guide them
towards the destiny that life has given them.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree”. The
family and the surrounding environment play a crucial role in shaping your
child's personality and nurturing their potential. With your proper guidance,
they will better understand themselves and have greater goals to strive for,
instead of becoming confused and disoriented in life.
The numbers in Kid Talent Map will help you identify your child’s talents,
lessons and mission that the universe sent with them when they were born.
Accordingly, you can chart a course for their development and accompany
them on their journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, they
will be met with glorious success every step of the way.
For this very reason, we have devoted great efforts to the Kid Talent Map
tool with the desire to help you activate your child’s true potential and
create the ideal conditions for their development. Thank you for putting
your trust in Kid Talent Map on your journey to build a bright and prosperous
future for your child.
Sincerely,
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
WHAT IS KID TALENT MAP?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific tool that provides 21 numbers to help
guide young talents and their parents on the path to success.
Recognizing that proper education and a suitable development
environment are fundamental to shaping a happy child, we have
devoted great efforts to this special product with highly personalized
guidance.
This tool is the result of combining Pythagorean Numerology with Map
for Success. We have analyzed over 200,000 Maps for Success of our
clients in Vietnam and dedicated thousands of hours to researching child
development and parenting methods. Afterwards, we surveyed many
parents to validate our findings and assess practical application.
VALUE OF KID TALENT MAP
Kid Talent Map empowers parents to:
• Understand: The first step to successful parenting is understanding your child. Kid
Talent Map helps you identify their strengths, weaknesses, abilities and values.
• Analyze: Once you comprehend your child, you can determine the right parenting
approach. This allows you to set goals aligned with their values and strengths. The
tool provides a step-by-step process to help them achieve these goals.
• Act: Goals are not enough. You need to create a specific, realistic and achievable
action plan to help them develop on the right track.
• Commit: You should maintain a learning spirit and tailor your parenting style to your
child. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you on your
journey of wise parenting.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
5 5 5
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the strengths that
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing parents can exploit to help your
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life children succeed
Points parents need to pay attention
to in the process of raising children
0 9 1
LIFE PATH – DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
5 4 1
SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-40 years old
your child in the eyes of others
8 2,6,8 14/5,19/1
ATTITUDE NUMBER KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
NUMBER
The way your child perceives Lessons your child needs to conquer
Weaknesses that parents can help
everyday situations to perfect himself
their child remedy
1
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
8 6 3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
6,7,8,9,1 3,4,5,6,7 8,7,6,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life
1,2,3 6 6,5,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION NUMBER CHALLENGE NUMBER
NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
Your child’s energy during the day The energy of your child and those face and the way parents can help
helps parents suggest appropriate born in the same year. your child overcome difficulties
activities for them
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Symbolizedbyapentagram,number5liesatthecenterofthemapandcarriestheenergyofcreativity,
flexibility, being multi-talented, and the ability to be the center of attention. Excellent at
communicationanddiplomacy,theyarewell-likednomatterwheretheygo.
Your child is highly energetic, animated and curious. They constantly ask questions about the world
around them and are always eager to uncover the mysteries it is concealing. They have many creative
ideas,likenewexperiencesandcanadapttoanewenvironmentveryquickly.Theyloveadventuresand
readilytakeonnewchallenges.
Your child also has many talents and likes to do multiple things at once. Their rich imagination and
passionforexplorationcompelthemtotrynewthingsandcomeupwithuniqueideas.Theyactjustas
quicklyastheythink–oncetheyhavesolvedapuzzle,theyimmediatelymoveontoanotherone.
24
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
STRENGTHS
Your child loves freedom, likes to explore and prefers being active to sitting still. They are very
charming in their own unique way thanks to an appealing style of communication and a rich
imagination that can produce many ideas. Flexible and skilled at turning things around, they can
quicklyadaptandwinpeople’sheartsinanewenvironment.
Yourchild’sintelligentandquick-wittednaturemeansthattheytendto be multi-talentedandexcelat
many things. They want to have complete freedom in the way they think and act, and are willing to
take risks if it means they can gain new experiences. They like things that are innovative or unique,
enjoyuncovering mysteries,andhaveachivalrousspirit.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Multi-talented and flexible in their way of thinking, your child can sometimes take on too many
responsibilities.Everythingseemsinterestingandexcitingtothem,sotheytendtolackdetermination,
get distracted easily and change goals constantly. Their ability to be in sync with the surrounding
environmentmightleadthemtobecomesomeonewhoispliantandhasnoopinionsoftheirown.
Yourchilddislikesbeingconstrainedandlimited.Occasionally,theycanbesopreoccupiedwithhaving
fun that they abandon the plans they have previously made. Their intelligence and dynamism, when
combinedwithexcessivecompetitiveness,mayleadthemtobearrogantandconceited.
25
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
You should encourage your child to engage in activities that require imagination and creativity. They
like to have fun so you should not force your opinions upon them and demand them to learn things
they do not want to. They want the freedom to make their own choices, but you should teach them
how to be committed to and responsible for those choices. Only when they are bound by a certain
degreeofdisciplinecantheyachievetheirgoals.
You should enable your child to spend time outdoors or travel somewhere far from home to satisfy
their never-ending need to explore and experience. During the experience, you should accompany
themandaskthemquestionsthatpromotelearningandhelpthemrealizethelessonsontheirown.
You can guide your child to take part in artistic activities such as music or acting so they can use their
imaginationandcreatenewthingstotheirheart’scontent.
26
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Highly energetic, creative, flexible, adaptable
• Likes new experience, willing to take risks
• Has good communication skills and unique charms
• Loves freedom, curious, likes new things
• Easily influenced by the surrounding environment
• Easily distracted, forgetful
• Can be quick-tempered or over-confident
LESSON
Life Path Number 5 indicates that your child’s lesson is to become someone who creates innovative
breakthroughs, breaks down long-standing barriers, and opens up new, liberating horizons.
27
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 5
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has incredible creative abilities but are sometimes unable to fully harness them. When
encountering problems, they tend to avoid them and procrastinate instead of focusing on finding a
solution.Youshouldteachthemhowtobeopen-mindedandreceptivetonewapproachesratherthan
trying to reuse what they have found in the past. They will also need to learn how to be flexible and
adapttothechangesintheenvironmentaroundthem.Teachthemnottoavoidtheproblemandmake
excuses;theywillfindthesolutionaslongastheyarefocusedanddedicated.
60
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 5
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomesomeonewhoisadventurousandcreative.Theyliketodaydreamand
can always come up with unique ideas. Cheerful and energetic, they can connect with those around
themwithjoyandpositivity.
Youshouldencourageyourchildtopursuetheircreativeideas,haveaflexiblewayofthinkingandnot
to shy away from trying new things. They will need their parents’ encouragement when the way they
think or solve problems isdifferentfrom the norm. They also like adventures andnewexperiences, so
you can give them the opportunities to explore foreign lands and come into contact with different
cultures.
Yourchildcancreateabetterlivingconditionforothersbyrevolutionizingthewaythingsare,creating
new trends and broadening their horizons. They must learn how to move forward and let go of the
outdated and obsolete things that are in their way. They also need to develop the willingness to take
risksandbeadventurous, andtobecomemoredecisive,hardworking anddiligent.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION
NUMBER - 0
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 0 indicates that in order to attain success and
happiness in their life, your child needs to improve themselves everyday and focus on
following their Life Path and Destiny Number on the basis of Morality – Wisdom –
Effort, which serves as a guiding principle for the entirety of their life. Living by this
number and improving themselves in accordance with the 3-root system will bring
themlong-lastingsuccessandhappiness.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 9
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
SoulUrgeNumber9indicatesthatyourchildisaffectionate,altruistic,sympatheticandmagnanimous.
Theyhaveadeepunderstandingof humanity,canalwaysseethebestinotherpeople,andareableto
give them useful perspectives and advice. As a result, they tend to be well-liked and respected, and
have the potential to become a great humanitarian or philanthropist. They are also naturally gifted at
thearts,music,andperforming.
However, being too much of a perfectionist can lead them to become unreasonably demanding of
themselvesandothers.Youneedtohelpthem understandthattheyshould notexpectotherstobeas
dedicatedas they are,andmust notlet disappointment turninto bitterness andanger. They are quite
sensitive and retain memories very well, so you should avoid criticizing and reprimanding them, or
comparingthemtoothers,whichcanmakethemself-consciousanddevelopanegativeself-image.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 1
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 1 indicates that your child is self-reliant and can organize and plan for their personal
matters without needing anyone to remind them. They feel the need to assert their personality,
independence and personal pride. Therefore, even from a young age, they exhibit leadership
capabilitiesandprojecttheimageofaconfidentleader.Theyalsohavethetendencytobecomeaself-
reliantpersonwhothinksinanindependentway,hasastrongegoanddarestodreambig.
Having Birthday Number 1, your child is dynamic, curious, adventurous, studious, creative and
imaginative. However, they tend to suppress their emotions, and appear distant and aloof to others.
The opposite can also be true; they might express their emotions in an aggressive and impulsive
manner. Their determination and willpower can sometimes make them stubborn and obstinate.
Children with Birthday Number 1 often refuse to behave unless their demands are met. You can teach
themhowtosatisfytheirownneedsinsteadofexpectingotherstodosoforthem.
You should treat your child with tenderness, because despite a tough exterior, they are actually quite
sensitive. Procrastination can also be a problem for children with Birthday Number 1. Therefore, you
shouldteachthemtheimportanceofseizingopportunitiesandhowtogetstartedontheirtasks.
98
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 5
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
Personality Number 5 indicates that your child constantly radiates a type of energy that attracts others
from the first encounter. Outgoing, cheerful and charming, they always leave a strong impression on
peopleandstandoutamongacrowd.
Eventhoughtheydonotmeantodoso,yourchildusuallybecomesthecenterofattentionthankstotheir
intelligence, quick-wittedness, flexibility and “cool” demeanor. This energy makes it easy for them to
establish rapport with others, draws everyone to them, and helps them leave a lasting impression on
others. This will be very beneficial to them in the future when they need to socialize and establish
relationships.Itsetsthemapartfromthecrowd,whichgivesthemmoreopportunitiesthanothers.
Additionally, your child always wants to showcase their positive qualities, such as strength, cheerfulness
andoptimism.Therefore,peoplerarelyseetheminaprolongedstateofdistressorsadness.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 4
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should be more sincere as this will help them gain the trust of
others. If any misunderstanding arises, they need to clarify it and present proof to convince others.
Calmness and certainty will help them gain trust in cooperative relationships. They need to start
developing self-discipline from the smallest things like being punctual or keeping promises. Success will
notcomeiftheydonotworkhardorlackmethodologyanddiscipline.
14
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 1
The Maturity Number reveals what your child should do and what they should focus on in order to
advancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthemostproductiveperiodoftheirlife,which
isfromtheageof30to35.
Maturity Number 1 indicates that during this period, your child must be independent and confident
enough to stand on their own feet due to many hardships and challenges that will appear during this
time.Theyneedto bematureandindependentinthe waytheythink,andhavefullconfidence inevery
decisiontheymake.
All of this will provide them with the resources they need to reach their goals and strive towards a
certain ideal. Having Maturity Number 1 means they must be ready to assume a leadership role. When
life brings them opportunities, they should take initiative in taking on their mission and responsibility
withintheirorganizationorintheirpersonallife.
Your child will need to quickly identify goals and take actions to complete any tasks they have because
they are opportunities for them to prove themselves. If they have any intention to open their own
businessorimplementanewbusinessmodel,theyshouldbepreparedtogetstarted.
Maturity Number 1 demands great efforts, hard work and a strong sense of responsibility from your
child. They will also need to learn more about management and leadership. The challenges that come
with this period will help them reach new career heights, and many opportunities and rewards will be
awaitingthem.
19
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 6
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 6 indicates that your child might lack a sense of responsibility towards
themselves and others, yet still expect people to be responsible for them. Their aversion to being
constrained by other people’s needs and demands may lead to conflicts between them and other
familymembers.Therefore,youneedtoteachthemhowtobecaringandaffectionatetotheirfamily.
Inordertoactivateyourchild’sinnateabilitytotakecareofothers,youcanhavethempracticetaking
care of their personal belongings or pets. Additionally, you can allow them to participate in
philanthropic activitiestodevelopselflessness,generosityandcompassionwithinthem.
36
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 8
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 8 indicates that your child might have problems with using money correctly
and having self-control, thus having to rely on others financially, or wasting their money away even
when they are financially independent. They tend to live too much in the moment without having
enoughconcernfortheirfutureorunforeseeneventsthatcanhappentothem.
In order to remedy this shortcoming, you should encourage your child to have a passion for making
money,andteachthemhowtospendmoneyandthevalueofmakingeffortstoearnmoney.
38
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 8
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
RationalThoughtNumber8indicatesthatwhenapproachingaproblem,yourchildhasa“bigger
picture” way of thinking that does not involve paying too much attention to details or being
fixated on the outcome. This type of thinking tries to solve problems through real-life
experiences either bythemselves orobservedandlearnedfromothers.Thisdataisthenquickly
scannedwithimagesthatcloselyresemblethesituationathand,whichallowsthemtocomeup
with the most viable options. Therefore, do not be surprised when you see them make decisive
andpracticaldecisions.
47
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 6
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious Self Number 6 indicates that your child always turns their attention to their family, which is
the originof all of their joysandsorrows. Their decisions alwaysinvolve family;their instinctandintuition
areparticularlysensitivewhenitcomestofamily.
This number will become even stronger if you can create an environment where family members are
alwaysloving,intimateandconnectedtowardsoneanother,whichwillserveasasourceofmotivationfor
your child; they will constantly strive to achieve goals for the sake of their loved ones. However, to avoid
making them feel pressured, you should also encourage them to pursue their own goals and take care of
themselves while feeling confident in the fact that family will always be a solid support system, a safe
havenwheretheycanfeelsafe,andalaunchingpadforalloftheirdreams.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 3
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child always wants to share and express their views on everything they
encounter.Talkativeandenergetic,theyfeelhappywhenhavingconversations
or speaking their mind, and even more so when their advice is well received.
Maintaining positive energy and emotional balance will help them bring joy
andmotivationtothosetheyinteractwith.
The way your child dresses and talks exude wittiness, a sense of humor and
exceptional intelligence, all of which constitute their charm in the eyes of
others. Their ability to share information and instruct people enables them to
teachtheirskillstoanyoneinaneffectivemanner.
62
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6 (2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7 (2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8 (2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9 (2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1 (2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3 (4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4 (5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5 (6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 6 (7/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 6, your child will be influenced by the energy of being caring and loving.
They should focus on learning how to be attentive to and taking care of others, and be ready to assist
anyone that needs their help. As they may struggle with adjusting or being responsible towards others’
needs, you should stay close and support them every step of the way. For instance, this is a good time for
youandyourchildto takecareoflovedones,or do houseworktogethertoconnectwithandbecaring and
lovingtowardseachother,whichwillbeextremelyhelpfultothemduringPersonalMonthNumber6.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 7 (8/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
PersonalMonthNumber7isthetimeforyourchildtofocusonthingsthattheyareinterestedinorwant
to explore. During this period, being able to do so will help them be calm, happy, and regain balance,
which allows them to come up with new ideas that canimprove their life. Being independent and doing
things on their own might be a challenge for them, but life will inevitably demand these qualities from
them, so you should help your child develop them during Personal Month Number 7. Moreover, you
shouldspendthistimeaccompanyingthemintakingalookattheplanstheyhavefortheirstudyortheir
lifeinordertoseeifthereisanythingtheyneedtoadjustorrestructure.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 0 - age 31)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 32 - age 40)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 6
(age 41 - age 49)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period when your child needs to focus on taking care of familial affairs. They should spend more
time for their family because the energy associated with family and taking care of loved ones will help
their career progress smoothly. During this period, there is no need for them to overexert themselves or
raceagainstanything.Instead,theyshouldfocusontheirfamilyfirst,thenonthecommunity.
During this period, your child will be considerate, caring and helpful to their family and other people
aroundthem,andfilltheirworldwithloveandaffection.Theyshouldactivelyengageinsowingseeds,for
example,bydonatingtochildrenofimpoverishedfamiliesortohomelesspeoplebecausetheywillradiate
an energy of altruism, magnanimity and compassion. Should they be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessingswillbebestoweduponthem.
This is also a time when your child feels a stronger sense of responsibility. Their life will mostly revolve
aroundbeingofservicetoothers,whichisalsothelessontheymustlearn.Therefore,evenwhentheyare
still young, you must be a role model for them on how to be attentive, caring and helpful to people.
Developing these qualities in their everyday life will help them successfully complete their Pinnacle 6.
Their family will serve as a solid foundation for their development, a safe haven where they can always
findshelter,andalsothelaunchingpadfortheircareer.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 50 or later)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER- 6
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 6 is associated with your child’s responsibilities to their family. Your child must learn
howtomaintainbalancebetweenthemselves,theirfamilyandtheircareer.Theyshouldbemoreloving,
caringandempathetictowardsthosearoundthem.
Your child can sometimes have extremely high expectations for themselves and those around them. If
this is the case, they should try to be less judgmental, critical and demanding of themselves and others.
Instead, they should open up and communicate their thoughts in order to receive others’ affection and
understanding inreturn.Familyiswheretheyneedtobuildasolidfoundationfirst.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 5
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is associated with issues that are related to flexibility, adaptability and
breakthroughs. Your child will needto make back-to-back changes, make risky choices,and break outof
theircomfortzonetoseizethenewopportunities thatcomeintotheirlife.
Challenge Number 5 is also a reminder that your child must learn to appreciate what they have, have
better self-control and avoid wasting so much time on fleeting pleasures or emotions that they neglect
theirgoals.
At work, your child needs to be more determined and find unique ways to express themselves. They
should freshen themselves up, change the way they work or manage, and be more flexible and creative
whenitcomestoimplementation.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 1
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge is to become independent, self-reliant, and stand on their own feet. They
must be willing to make decisions and focus on reaching the goals they have set for themselves. They
should not compare themselves to others or have insecurities about their abilities, and instead try to
push their own limits. Determination and perseverance will enable them to turn their dreams into
reality, while self-confidence and forceful actions will help them reach their goals. If they are certain
about a plan, they should not concern themselves too much about what people think. Encourage them
tostaytruetothemselves,aswellasappreciatewhattheyareworthandelevateittoanewlevel.
100
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 1 (25/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
You should encourage your child to participate in activities that promote exploration, creativity, and
leadership abilities. Moreover, you should nurture their independence by assigning tasks within their
capabilities,rangingfromsmallchorestomoresignificantresponsibilities.
When your child completes a task, you should acknowledge their efforts and motivate them with verbal
praiseorattractiverewards.Thiswillhelpthemexpressthemselveswithmoreconfidence.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 2 (26/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Todayisagreatdayforyourchildto participateinactivitiesthatrequireconnectionandcooperationwith
others. You can encourage them to actively communicate more with family members, teachers, friends,
andsoon.
Additionally, they should learn to listen to their own emotions and desires in daily life. At the end of the
day,youshouldspendtimeconversingandpraisingthepositiveactivitiestheyhavedone.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 3 (27/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Todayisawonderfuldaytounleashtheircreativity,communicationskillsandself-expression.Highenergy,
confidence,andhappinessarekeywordsforyourchild'spersonalday3.
They can participate in artistic activities such as playing musical instruments, painting, storytelling...
Moreover, you can encourage them to actively express themselves through communication and public
speakingactivities,aswellascreativeideas.
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
19. ATTITUDE NUMBER - 8
The Attitude Number describes how your child perceives everyday situations. This allows you to
guide them in choosing appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive
aspectsoflife.
Attitude number 8 reveals that your child is energetic and quick-witted. They are straightforward,
genuine and clear-headed. As they grow older, they tend to develop a liking for business and can
identify potential opportunities in daily life. They often observe things from an objective and practical
perspective.
When encountering challenges, whether fearful or stumbling, they never give up but keep moving
forward. Youshould cultivate aspiritof wholehearted effortandaproper understandingof money and
financesinyourchild.Accordingly,theycanachievesignificantaccomplishmentsinthefuture.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 44Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
20. KARMIC DEBT NUMBER – 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding significant
perseverance and determination from your child for surmounting. Successfully
navigating through these challenges will foster their robust development and
enhance theirresilienceonlife’sjourney.
Karmic Debt Number 14/5 indicates that your child needs to enhance self-reliance,
practiceself-loveinapositivemannerandliveapurposeful life.
To help your child complete this lesson, you should support them in developing
meaningful values and healthy habits. Every day, you should collaborate with them to
build their discipline and self-awareness in each choice and thought. This helps them
understandtheimportanceofeachbehavior,ratherthanindulgingthemselvesoracting
impulsively. Due to their free spirit, it is crucial for your child to balance personal
aspirations and responsibilities. The important qualities they need to cultivate are
commitment, a steadfast spirit and a strong determination in order to overcome life's
challengesandtemptations.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 45Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
20. KARMIC DEBT NUMBER – 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding significant
perseverance and determination from your child for surmounting. Successfully
navigating through these challenges will foster their robust development and
enhance theirresilienceonlife’sjourney.
Karmic Debt Number 19/1 indicates that your child needs to balance between
independence andcollaboration intheirdailylife.
To helpyour childcomplete this lesson, youshouldbecome companionsto assist them
in understanding the importance of unity and love within the community. They should
open upandbravely embrace assistancefrom others,rather thanattempting to handle
everything independently. Accordingly, they will gradually comprehend others’ needs
and opinions, as well as learn to harmonize their personal interests with those of the
community. As your child matures, these virtues will enable them to contribute
humanisticandmeaningfulvaluesforlife.
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 46Lê Gia Vũ
19/07/2013
https://gein.vn/
21. GENERATION NUMBER - 6
TheGeneration Numberdescribes theenergyofyourchildandthose bornin
the same year. Accordingly, you can create suitable activities to foster their
personalgrowthanddevelop theirpeerrelationship.
Energy of Generation 6: Your child is an emotional, caring and family-centric
person. They are very empathetic and compassionate towards difficult
situations. They consistently demonstrate responsibility in their work. You
should orient them toward professions in creativity, community, counseling
andhealingfields.
Suggestions for your child’s development: You should nurture love and
compassion in your child by volunteer and family bonding activities. It is very
essential to avoid comparing them to others and create opportunities to
developtheirpotential.
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 47