UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN - 28/10/1993M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Đỗ Trần Ngọc Liến
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19931028QR6T6C
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
6 5 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 9 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
7 2 4
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
2 8 13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
5 8 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,5,7,5
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
4,5,6 4 0,3,3,3
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
6
LIFE PATH
9
SOUL URGE
7 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
LIFE PATH NUMBER
6
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5
7 8 9
Keywords
11 22 33
• Tolerant, altruistic • Gentle and sociable
• Loving and willing to • Loyal and devoted to
give loved ones
• Warm, gentle • Develop family roots
• Pay attention and take • Maturity in thoughts and
care of others actions
• Creativity, artistic • Responsibility, spirit of
tendency wholehearted service
Energy of Number 6
Carrying the energy of number 6, you are the embodiment
of protection, love, and support for others. Instinctively, you
always want to play the role of sharing and giving advice.
You are good fathers and mothers.
You focus on family harmony, truth, justice, and the desire
to nurture family values. You radiate warm energy.
The number “6” is a harmonious number, representing
friendship, love, harmony, health, beauty and wisdom.
12ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and love for those around you
• Gentle and graceful behavior
• Be ready to give and serve wholeheartedly
• Sense of responsibility is extremely great
• Artistic creative talent
• Good aesthetic sense
Your weaknesses
• It's possible to take on too much responsibility and put undue pressure on
yourself
• Avoid letting your kindness be taken advantage of
• Don't beat yourself up too much if the results are not as expected
• Learn to love yourself
• Cultivate your intelligence to be able to contribute your best
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Being meticulous at work helps you gain
credibility
• High sense of responsibility, always
completing tasks to the end
• Attract talented people thanks to a sincere
loving heart
• Always proactively seek and offer solutions
Advice
• Work with the criteria of a cool head and a hot heart
• Confidently express your opinion
• Leadership model: loving and caring leader
13ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Act as a nurturer for relationships
• Be tolerant and know how to put yourself
in others' shoes
• Good at taking care of and caring for
others
• Be loyal and dedicated
• Treat people gently and warmly
Advice
Don't let others take advantage of you. You really do not have to help everyone; If they
don't want help, respect their decision. Learn to give and love wisely. Always believe
that "You must know how to love yourself before loving and taking care of others."
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 6
 Keep pursuing humanitarian values because you feel satisfied and happy when you
become useful to the community and serve others.
 Love and care for family and loved ones. This is the root of your efforts and your
motivation. Your success must come from having a happy and united family.
 Dare to accept responsibility and serve wholeheartedly. All your efforts and
dedication will certainly be recognized and appreciated, bringing you opportunities
for advancement and success in this life.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 6 is expressed in selfishness,
carelessness and irresponsibility. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on
developing your empathy and putting yourself in other people's shoes, daring to
accept responsibility and giving your all. If you do that, you will definitely achieve
fulfilling results.
14ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
Career orientation
Jobs suitable for people with a Life Path Index of 6 related to care include nurses,
doctors, preschool or elementary school teachers, housewives, guidance counselors or
family and marriage counselors. , community service, social welfare and arts advocate;
Jobs related to creativity such as interior design, singer, actor... Your biggest career goal
is to create a positive change in the lives of customers.
GRADUATION LESSON
Learn to use wisdom to tolerate,
protect and love unconditionally
15ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
SOUL URGE The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
9 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for ideal realization and enlightenment
• You are responsible, considerate, compassionate
and have lofty ideals
• You are always willing to sacrifice to others without
expecting returns
• You desire ample resources to change and address
social issues
• You value humanitarian spirit and dedicate yourself
to life
Favorite workplaces
• Work in humanitarian and volunteer professions such
as education, human development, healing and
healthcare
• Nurture service spirit and ethical values such as
gratitude, compassion, and altruistic
• Encourage individuals to unleash their full potential
and create positive changes for the community
Suitable relationships
• Connecting with empathetic individuals who are
willing to contribute to the community
• Empower each other to achieve our dreams and
provide support during difficult times
• Form spiritual connections, share beliefs, and
explore the meaning of life
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
BALANCE NUMBER 5
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Maintain an optimistic perspective and
balance emotions in all situations
• Prefer the freedom to decide your life,
aspiring to create unique and
memorable experiences
• Sometimes prioritize alternative
approaches to relieve mental pressure
before resolving problems
Things to keep in mind:
• Approach problems objectively, avoiding
imposing your own thoughts on others
• Avoid selfish thinking and taking
reckless actions
• Choose healthy stress-relieving
methods, steering clear of substance
abuse and procrastination in problem-
solving
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require cultivating your discipline and
focus instead of wasting excessive time on entertainment.
20ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONALITY NUMBER 7
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an intelligent and wise person.
• You have a graceful and elegant demeanor.
• People admire your educational background and extensive knowledge.
• You have an incredible ability to focus and concentrate.
• People may find you mysterious and unapproachable at first glance. However,
after some interaction, they will discover that you are kind-hearted and
empathetic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
-Aristotle -
22ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
MATURITY NUMBER
4 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate your own discipline, principles and ethics
• Establish a detailed plan and persistently pursue your goals
• Continuously develop your professional expertise
• Equip yourself with knowledge about investment, finance and real
estate
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to develop yourself into a true expert.’’
24ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
ATTITUDE NUMBER 2
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are very amiable and gentle with people.
• You see life through a romantic and affectionate lens.
• You perceive things in a multifaceted, objective and impartial manner.
• You tend to be sensitive, vulnerable, and easily influenced by people’s words. It is
very essential to nurture your self-worth and establish healthy boundaries.
• Due to preference for safety and fear of risks, you often hesitate and make
decisions slowly in challenging situations. Embracing openness, and balancing your
heart and mind will greatly benefit you.
25ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
26ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
5
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a sharp thinker, always carrying
a high energy frequency.
• You often tend to solve problems easily,
spontaneously, and quickly.
B˜n luôn gi° v°ng lý trí, ˛n ˝˙nh ˝ˆˇc c˘m xúc , bình tĩnh trước mọi vấn (cid:28)ề
• You are willing to make risky decisions
without being afraid of challenges.
Suggestions for you:
• Try to regulate emotions, balance
between reality and imagination.
• Before making a decision, you should
consider and evaluate carefully to
keep everything in control and your
solution ability.
27ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
8
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Define clearly and specifically the journey you want to conquer
• Promote continuous personal development through learning about business or
business models,...
• Develop relationships to get more perspectives from many people in solving problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing clear plans and goals will help you come up with the right
approaches when solving problems, thereby moving forward.
28ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
29ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
30ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
5
Pinnacle 4
(age 49 - age 57)
Pinnacle 3
(age 40 - age 48)
7
2 5
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 30) (age 31 - age 39)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
31ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 30)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 2
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to build sincere relationships and learn how to
maintain a balance between work and physical - mental health.
Building quality relationships
• You should spend ample time understanding and bonding with your family.
• Open up and cultivate valuable friendships.
• You have many opportunities to expand your social network within your passionate field.
Enhancing intuition
• You will become more sensitive to the environment and the emotions of those
around you.
• You are encouraged to spend time researching metaphysics, psychology, or any
field related to helping others.
Balance between work and life
• You will have time to relax and relieve stress to enhance your mental health and be
ready to face new challenges.
• You can take advantage of modern technology to work efficiently and save time,
thus enjoying life more.
32ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 means you are unlikely to encounter significant difficulties
or obstacles during this stage.
• But you may still face potential challenges or unforeseen risks in life.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Take advantage of every opportunity: You need to take advantage of the
opportunity to learn, practice skills, build a solid foundation for the future, and
explore your potential to the fullest. Constantly expand your horizons and seek
knowledge from different learning sources to shape creative and multi-dimensional
thinking.
• Accept the challenge: Accepting challenges is an opportunity for you to overcome
your limits and become stronger. Face difficulties, don't run away or give up, but
cope with them courageously so your life becomes more worthy and meaningful.
33ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 31 - age 39)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 5
This is the golden time for you to unleash your creativity and make breakthroughs in life.
Having the spirit to dare to think, dare to do, and challenge yourself will help you mature
quickly.
Embrace new opportunities
• This stage offers you many chances, urging you to step out of your comfort zone.
• Opportunities to communicate and meet interesting people who can influence your
worldview, helping you make breakthrough decisions.
Cultivate a positive attitude
• You can become independent in terms of economy, finance and spirit.
• You can make your own decisions about your life without others's support.
• The energy during this period is also appropriate for you to start a business and
realize your dream of being an entrepreneur.
Think practically, learn to adapt
• To overcome this stage, you should be flexible in every situation, think realistically,
avoid daydreaming, and act with commitment.
• You need to actively seek opportunities even in challenges, not giving up halfway.
34ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
35ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 40 - age 48)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 7
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to spend more time contemplating the truths
about yourself, life, and enriching your knowledge.
Develop inner self
• You will gain a deep understanding of yourself and the profound meaning of life.
• You should explore intuition and start practicing a discipline that delves into your
inner self and seeks some "Faith" such as Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Karma,
etc.
Enhance soft skills
• The more you engage in learning and self-development, the more opportunities
you will have for advancement in your career.
• Identify your competitive advantages and focus on developing them into
"weapons" to position yourself in life.
Cultivate wisdom
• You need to focus more on specialized study as well as learning to enhance your
intelligence and awareness.
• Trust yourself and strive to develop aspects or skills within your field of expertise
that have not yet been explored.
36ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Express yourself excessively, exaggerating things, or criticizing others
• Have difficulty allocating energy for both work and life
• Struggle with completing work, only excited at first
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Change the way you communicate: Learn how to use appropriate language for
each subject and situation as well as proactively motivate and encourage others.
• Allocate energy reasonably: Stay focused and don't scatter yourself in too many
directions at once to achieve your goals.
• Stay determined to reach your achievements: Accomplishing what you have
chosen begins by building a clear and specific plan.
37ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 49 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 5
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities for change, to experience new things,
and to lift your spirits in a positive way.
Opportunities for change and experiencing new things
• Many opportunities related to experiencing, changing, and exploring things that you
haven't dared to try before.
• Not only focusing on physical health issues, but you should also pay attention to
mental and intellectual development.
Creative potential development
• In this pinnacle cycle, you have the opportunity to unleash creativity, innovate to
change your perception and conquer new goals.
• Challenges will come to you in this pinnacle cycle, and your task is to use the
courage you have developed over the years to stick to your goals.
Success always comes with challenges
• This is the appropriate time for you to challenge yourself and introspect, graduating
from the lessons on balancing emotions with reason to avoid illusions.
• In this pinnacle cycle, you should be cautious to avoid troubles, especially legal
issues and accusations.
38ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Be insecure, not daring to express and share emotions
• Struggle with communication, being afraid of judgment
• Be easily distracted, not focusing on a goal
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Don't let negativity take you away, be confident and shine: Stay away from
negative things that affect your emotions.
• Boldly express yourself through voice and action: You should express your
emotions more clearly and sincerely to improve your communication
problems.
• Set your goals: Identify things that can distract you so you can stay away
from them and create a quiet and comfortable working environment so you
can concentrate on your work.
39ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
40ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
41ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
42ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
43ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
44ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
45ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
46ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
47ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
49ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
50ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
51ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
52ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
53ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
54ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
55ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
56ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
57ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59ĐỖ TRẦN NGỌC LIẾN
28/10/1993
CONCLUSION
Dear Đỗ Trần Ngọc Liến
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
60