UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI - 01/04/1993M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Hồ Thị Hoàng Hội
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19930401ED9B3S
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 8 2
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
7 1 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
1 0 11
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
5 3,4 19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
6 7 8
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,5,1,8
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
7,8,9 4 3,3,0,0
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
9
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
2 7
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
LIFE PATH NUMBER
9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
77 8 Keywords
• Have good intuition • Leadership spirit
1111 2222 3333
• Big heart, like to help
• Psychology and skill in
others
communication
• Tolerance, generosity and
altruism • Like to share and
spread human values
• Smart, intellectual
• Mature, dare to take • Comprehensive
responsibility capabilities
• Perfectionism, high
standards
Energy of Number 9
People with The Life Path Number of 9 are
compassionate and generous. Your humanity affects all
aspects of your life and self. You always strive to make a
positive difference in people's lives.
You are people of honor and can be trusted in everything.
You have almost no prejudice towards anyone. You have
complete integrity and never judge with bias or let your
emotions control you
With number 9 energy, you also have intuition and a good
way of perceiving people. You are often associated with
humanistic knowledge.
12HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and willing to participate in volunteer work
• Be compassionate and don't judge anything
• Rich in ideals and strong will
• Desire to inspire and help people become better
• Enthusiastic and always giving your best
• Live with strong gratitude
• Spirit of readiness for integration
Your weaknesses
• Manage negative thoughts, don't let painful experiences become obsessions
• Avoid being too controlling and imposing standards of perfection on
everything
• Eliminate fear and stop focusing on the shortcomings of yourself and others
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Many ideas and wholehearted service
• High standards, always aiming for the best
results
• Ready to shoulder the responsibility and
spirit of a leader
• Ability to share and motivate your team
Advice
• Sometimes you need to relax and give yourself time to rest
• Share and guide instead of control
• Accepting failure is necessary to learn lessons and move
forward
• Leadership role model: leader with a big heart
13HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are generous and willing to open your
heart to help people
• Friendly and radiates a warm
• Delicate, attentive to the other person's
feelings and experiences
• Share and help others become better
• Can provide psychological counseling and
healing
Được người khác tôn trọng
Advice
Sometimes you are impatient with people who are slow or make mistakes, tending to
trust no one but yourself. However, be patient and play your important role in helping
those around you become better versions of themselves. Accompanying and leading
with your heart, that will be the key to helping you always maintain good relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 9
 With the energy of number 9, you were born to become a spiritual leader, capable of
both intellectually and spiritually enlightening others. Believe in your own abilities,
cultivate the three roots of morality - intelligence - willpower, to truly be able to give
humane values to millions of people.
 People with The Life Path Number 9 may be very successful materially, but money,
wealth or power are never your biggest concern or goal. All are premises and tools to
help you achieve the greatest success in life, helping people and society become
more better and civilized.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 9 is expressed in indifference,
individualism, pragmatism, lack of sophistication and scrutiny of others. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you absorb human
values, from which you can be inspired and positively change. Only then can you
confidently walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path Number 9 include jobs in which they can help
others or bring people together, such as charity work, social welfare, public service ,
government jobs, doctors, nurses, veterinarians and any other support jobs,
musicians, artists, teachers, ambassadors or jobs related to education, humanities .
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a spiritual leader, have the ability to
open up wisdom and enlighten
the lives of others
15HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
2
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A LISTENER, CONNECTOR VÀ LOVING PEOPLE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Actively listen, empathize, and thoroughly understand others’ stories
• Build strong and genuine connections among individuals
• Maintain fairness and respect for each individual’s differences
• Live harmoniously with everyone through gentle and sincere care
• Have reconciliation skills through tactful behavior and communication
Message for you
Your mission is to bring people together by creating a harmonious atmosphere and
collaborative spirit. You should learn to foster relationships as well as to connect with
yourself and people. Only when you have self-appreciation can you be open to deeply
touch others’ hearts. You have the beauty of compassion and peace within yourself, so do
not hesitate to step outside the comfort zone and bring these values to life.
16HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
7
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Upgrade yourself by continuous learning
• Make time for self-reflection and nurture your inner self
• Build right beliefs and trust with everyone around
• Learn to align your mind, body and spirit for your unified whole
17HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
BALANCE NUMBER 8
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Request clarity and transparency
• Prefer straightforward communication and
express personal viewpoints openly
• Believe in your ability to overcome any
challenge
Things to keep in mind:
• Refrain from imposing your own
thoughts on others
• Avoid focusing excessively on personal
interests and material aspects
• Prioritize mental and physical well-
being
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, embrace each individual's differences
and avoid rigidity, dogmatism in order to harmonize with others
20HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONALITY NUMBER 1
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a leader
• People may admire your confidence and assertiveness.
• You are independent and unafraid to express your opinions.
• You stand strong in the face of adversity and can become others’s pillar of support.
• You are naturally trustworthy in a leadership role.
• You excel in concealing and managing emotions. Even when you are feeling afraid,
you manage to remain calm.
I am the master of my destiny, the captain of my soul.
- William Ernest Henley -
22HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
MATURITY NUMBER
11 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Seek out good companions in both friendship and other social relationships
• Cultivate keen observation and analytical skills when solving problems
• Continuously enhance your professional expertise to contribute value and
inspire the community
• Foster leadership with firmness and empathy, and networking skills
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a powerful
inspiration to other people.”
23HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
ATTITUDE NUMBER 5
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have an optimistic and fearless spirit, always seeking out interesting things to
explore in life.
• Each day, you find newness in your work.
• You are enthusiastic about changes and strive for continuous personal
development.
• You enjoy doing things in different ways.
• You often create your own joy and make life colorful
• You often have novel ideas and perspectives.
24HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Optimistic and positive outlook on life
• Enthusiastic, humorous and high-energy
• Flexible, skillful and engaging communication
• Intelligent and imaginative
• Inspiring others through words
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Learn to manage and regulate your emotions
• Nurture right beliefs and optimism in life
• Surround yourself with positive people
• Create various fun activities that bring joy to yourself and others
• Improve communication skills such as active listening, flexible body language, and
expressing clear opinions
25HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
27HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
6
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a dreamer and have a habit
of thinking about everything at once.
• You often easily ignore the overall
picture and cannot see the whole
because you focus too much on small
details.
B˜n s°n sàng ˛˝a r a những quyết (cid:29)ịnh mạo hiểm và không sợ thử thách
• You also tend to come up with
solutions in a gentle, emotional way.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall view
and clearly analyze each option
before making a choice.
• Depending on the situation, there may
be more decisive and independent
thinking and solutions.
28HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
29HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
30HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 8
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like straightforwardness, clarity, and fairness in all aspects of life.
• You are passionate about money earning and business investment.
• You like to be honored, recognized, rewarded, and have high standards in life.
• You feel satisfied when assigned leadership, management, and executive positions in
projects.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to learn how to
take care of your mental health and pay attention to your
work-life balance.
31HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
8
Pinnacle 4
(age 46 - age 54)
Pinnacle 3
(age 37 - age 45)
1
5 5
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 27) (age 28 - age 36)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 27)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 5
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to immerse yourself in new and exciting life
experiences, thereby developing knowledge and enhancing your ability to adapt to
change.
Experience and learn
• Life will offer you many new experiences to broaden your life experience and
explore the world around you.
• By learning from different cultures, participating in diverse activities and events,
you open the door to knowledge and hone your creative thinking.
Embrace changes
• You will have the opportunity to learn how to adapt to changes from various
aspects such as work, family, and relationships.
• When faced with these changes, you will find ways to create balance in life.
33HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-expression shortage: At this time, you want to show off your talent but don't
stand out enough to get noticed
• Limited communication skills: It is possible that during this period, you will encounter
difficulties in communicating and connecting through words with others.
• Difficulty in deep concentration: During this period, you will have many aspects that
require deep focus to achieve effectiveness, however, with high energy in
movement, you may easily find it difficult and want to give up halfway.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Adapt and learn from mistakes: It’s not easy to express yourself, but by accepting
your mistakes and learning from them, you will become more confident and mature.
• Learn to listen: The ability to listen helps you better understand other people's
opinions and feelings, thereby building trust and creating good relationships.
• Learn to express your thoughts explicitly and confidently: Knowing how to
communicate messages in a comprehensible and concise way helps you create
clarity and avoid unnecessary misinterpretation.
• Apply concentration techniques: Learning to use concentration techniques like
breaking your work into smaller chunks (working for short periods and taking breaks
in between) will help you maintain effective focus.
34HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 28 - age 36)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 5
This is the golden time for you to unleash your creativity and make breakthroughs in life.
Having the spirit to dare to think, dare to do, and challenge yourself will help you mature
quickly.
Embrace new opportunities
• This stage offers you many chances, urging you to step out of your comfort zone.
• Opportunities to communicate and meet interesting people who can influence your
worldview, helping you make breakthrough decisions.
Cultivate a positive attitude
• You can become independent in terms of economy, finance and spirit.
• You can make your own decisions about your life without others's support.
• The energy during this period is also appropriate for you to start a business and
realize your dream of being an entrepreneur.
Think practically, learn to adapt
• To overcome this stage, you should be flexible in every situation, think realistically,
avoid daydreaming, and act with commitment.
• You need to actively seek opportunities even in challenges, not giving up halfway.
35HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
36HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 37 - age 45)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need,
then charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 1
This is the pinnacle cycle where you have enough confidence to choose your own path and
fully focus on your personal journey without being influenced by others' opinions.
Dare to dream big
• With independence and courage, you have the belief and ability to choose your
own path.
• Don't hesitate to challenge yourself in new fields to gain experience for long-term
goals in the future.
Build a vision
• With the ability to see far and wide and a pioneering mindset, this is the time to
unleash your potential to become a leader.
• You should set clear goals, commit to pursuing them to the end, and take full
responsibility for your actions.
Focus on yourself
• You need to understand that what others say about you is not as important as
you may think.
• Maintaining a positive mindset and a daring attitude will surely help you go further
on the path to finding happiness and success.
37HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 represents the challenges that come from your choices.
Whether you choose to live a breakthrough life and change yourself or depend on the
flow of life is completely dependent on your decision.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Accept and be grateful: Challenge Number 0 does not represent a specific
challenge, so be grateful to the universe for that.
• Believe in yourself: Believe in your own potential strength and nurture self-esteem.
Try to turn yourself into a more confident, independent, and brave version.
38HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 46 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 8
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to further strengthen the material
aspect through opportunities in business, finance, etc. Your task is to plan appropriately to
be ready for every potential outcome.
Develop career opportunities
• Regardless of age, you can still seize new opportunities and achieve significant goals.
• Experience, wisdom, and social relationships accumulated over time are great
advantages for you.
• Be confident in seizing and resolutely pursuing your goals and tasks.
Maximize business capabilities
• During this pinnacle, you can explore new fields in business or delve deeper into
areas where you already have experience.
• You have the potential to start your own business based on your knowledge and
relationships or participate in business projects with potential for growth.
Increase significant material accumulation opportunities
• The potential for material accumulation during this pinnacle is significant. You
should plan for financial management, tap into economic potential, protect assets,
and gradually develop retirement plans.
39HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Excessive concern in mental and physical aspects
• Pressure to make all decisions on your own
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• “Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind ”: Let yourself develop around
the saying "Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind" so that mental and
physical health is always guaranteed, from which your inner person can develop
your full potential.
• Devote your best, create good values: Continue to live your life to the fullest, and
continue to develop your potential.
• Nurture relationships: Be proactive in reconnecting old relationships as well as
making new ones, thereby creating more people to help and support you.
40HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
41HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
42HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
44HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
45HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
46HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
47HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
48HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
49HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
51HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
52HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
53HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60HỒ THỊ HOÀNG HỘI
01/04/1993
CONCLUSION
Dear Hồ Thị Hoàng Hội
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61