UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
KACPER BURSKI - 13/05/2008M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Kacper Burski
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20080513NR4F0M
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 4 8
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
7 9 4
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
8 1 9
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
9 4,6,8 13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
3 6 2,9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
7,8,9,1,2 4,5,6,7,8 9,5,5,6
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
2,3,4 1 1,3,2,4
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
1
LIFE PATH
9
SOUL URGE
8 7
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
LIFE PATH NUMBER
1
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
2 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
7 8 9
Keywords
11 22 33
• Self-reliance and • Inborn leadership
independence capabilities
• Ability to pioneer and • Highly targeted spirit
create unique values
• Intelligent, vivacious
• Forcefulness and
• Ability to withstand
assertiveness
pressure
• Leadership spirit
• Desire to prove oneself
Energy of Number 1
With number 1 energy, you are very good at overcoming
barriers and finding solutions to problems. This advantage
represents strength both physical and mental, often
combined with great determination and leadership ability.
You have the ability to set goals and follow through. You
will never give up, even if life brings you many difficulties
and challenges.
12KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
Your strengths
• Leadership ability, not dependent on others
• Resilient, not giving in to difficulties
• Ability to find solutions to problems
• Determination and leadership ability
• Ability to pursue goals
• Creative, rich in ideas and new solutions
Your weaknesses
• Can be too confident in oneself to the point of being arrogance
• Work ineffectively when overly dependent on others.
• When expectations are not met, it is easy to become selfish, aggressive and
suspicious
• Disregard about the feelings of those around you
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Pioneering and leading in groundbreaking
ideas
• Have clear goals and be determined to
achieve them
• There is a lot of inspiration when doing
management, leadership and decision-
making work
Advice
• Listen and respect
• Maintain the spirit of going forward and fighting hard
• Maintain gratitude and constantly reflect on yourself
• Drastic leadership but need to listen and respect others
13KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Can be a supporter and guider for
others
• Appreciate those who are
proactive and agile
• Don't be too influenced by
attitudes of people around you
• Talk straight to the point, no
beating around the bush
Advice
In many cases, authoritarianism and conservatism can cause relationships to suffer.
Therefore, you can practice listening and respecting other people's worldviews.
Learning how to say sorry and thank you at the right time will also help you maintain
good relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 1
 Always think big, because your path is one of greatness. You will never feel satisfied
until you become a leader in your chosen field.
 Listen to the call of greatness from deep within your soul and follow what it tells you.
Pursue a great life – that is your inherent radiance.
 A typical number 1 person always wants to assert himself, yearns for achievement
and respect from those around you.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 1 is expressed in laziness,
indecisiveness, lack of confidence and dependence on others. If you find yourself in this
situation, you need to drastically change yourself because if you want to be successful,
you have to put in a hundred times of effort. Dependence or laziness can make you lose
energy and become frustrated.
14KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
Career orientation
Suitable jobs are jobs where you can master the game and hold leadership roles such as
department heads, directors, managers, foremen, contractors, operators, and
freelancers. Or you don't necessarily have to become a businessman or business leader.
You can choose any job that gives you independence, autonomy, and develops your
intelligence and creative abilities such as a store owner, lawyer, writer, freelancer.
GRADUATION LESSON
Learning how to be a leader of yourself and others
15KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
8
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Seize unique business opportunities
• Make creative ideas a reality
• Inspire and empower other people
• Be honest and transparent about money
• Balance spiritual and material values
Message for you
With your innate business acumen, you can grasp potential opportunities and recognize
hidden challenges. Accordingly, you can create new and disruptive business models.
However, you must be careful with your pursuit of material wealth and do not become a
stubborn person. By honing your listening skills and building strong relationships, you can
blossom into a remarkable leader.
16KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
7
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Upgrade yourself by continuous learning
• Make time for self-reflection and nurture your inner self
• Build right beliefs and trust with everyone around
• Learn to align your mind, body and spirit for your unified whole
17KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
SOUL URGE The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
9 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for ideal realization and enlightenment
• You are responsible, considerate, compassionate
and have lofty ideals
• You are always willing to sacrifice to others without
expecting returns
• You desire ample resources to change and address
social issues
• You value humanitarian spirit and dedicate yourself
to life
Favorite workplaces
• Work in humanitarian and volunteer professions such
as education, human development, healing and
healthcare
• Nurture service spirit and ethical values such as
gratitude, compassion, and altruistic
• Encourage individuals to unleash their full potential
and create positive changes for the community
Suitable relationships
• Connecting with empathetic individuals who are
willing to contribute to the community
• Empower each other to achieve our dreams and
provide support during difficult times
• Form spiritual connections, share beliefs, and
explore the meaning of life
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
BALANCE NUMBER 4
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Thoroughly analyze all aspects to
identify the core of the problem
• Always base decisions on reason,
objectivity and clarity
• Have unwavering perseverance and
relentlessly pursue your goals
Things to keep in mind:
• Balance logic with emotional and
intuitive factors for flexibility
• Avoid excessive stubbornness, be
open to seize good opportunities
• Use time effectively when researching
and delving into problems
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require tailoring outcome standards
to the specific situation. You should step outside your comfort zone to gain valuable
experience as well.
20KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 4
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Careful, dedicated and diligent
• Traditional, sincere and trustworthy
• Loyal, persistent and family-oriented
Natural abilities
• Ability to analyze information systematically
• Excellent process packaging capability to optimize performance
• Strong discipline, resilience and perseverance
The environment for your talent development
Specialized research Discipline and Mentor or expert
and clear process stability
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONALITY NUMBER 8
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a business executive
• You are independent and very confident in your own abilities.
• People are highly impressed by your excellent negotiating skills and business
acumen.
• Due to your high vigilance, people can not easily take advantage of you.
• You are a great relationship builder who can drive team performance towards
shared success.
• You are respected for your discipline, integrity and decisiveness.
The greatest glory in life is not in never failing, but in getting up every
time you fail.
- Nelson Mandela -
22KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
1 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self
• You need to continuously learn and innovate in your work.
• When working in a team, you should take the initiative to set direction and
motivate the members.
• Be more proactive in making decisions and dare to express your own
opinions.
• To maximize your potential, you should be open-minded and listen to others’
opinions.
23KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
MATURITY NUMBER
9 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential human skills to empower others to awaken their inner light and
wisdom
• Actively engaging in humanitarian activities to plant positive seeds for the world
• Dedicate yourself to serving family, clan, community and society
• Enhance foreign language proficiency and seize opportunities for development
abroad
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person
who spreads humanistic values to the world.”
24KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
ATTITUDE NUMBER 9
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You approach situations with a positive, kind and tolerant attitude.
• You care more about the community and humanity than personal gain.
• You willingly shoulder more responsibilities and happily undertake others' tasks.
• You always value humanitarian values.
• You live with gratitude and appreciate life experiences.
25KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
27KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
28KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a newly random way of
thinking, sometimes a bit unusual.
• You tend to choose challenging
methods and unique approaches.
• Sometimes your way of thinking is
influenced by emotional factors.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall
overview.
• You need to clearly analyze each
option before making a choice.
29KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
30KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
31KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 2
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are good at listening, giving advice, and always want to connect with people.
• You prefer gentleness and romance, always aiming for a friendly and peaceful
environment.
• You respect and acknowledge others, and you also want them to respect and
acknowledge you as well.
• You have a persuasive ability, being able to make people trust and listen.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to further hone your
ability to listen and subtly perceive other people's emotions.
32KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 9
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You feel happy when you help someone in difficult situations and desire to do noble
volunteer work.
• You have a high aesthetic taste like delicate and artistic things.
• You are willing to give, contribute, and bring positive changes to society.
• You aim for macro-level things, always fighting for a better world.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to choose a few key
goals to focus on completing and working toward the best results.
33KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
6
Pinnacle 4
(age 54 - age 62)
Pinnacle 3
(age 45 - age 53)
5
9 5
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 35) (age 36 - age 44)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
34KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 35)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 9
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture love, open-mindedness, and enhance
training ability, leading others spiritually.
Cultivate empathy
• You should utilize your time to overcome your own limitations and help others
overcome physical and mental pain.
• Empathy helps you face challenges confidently, determine the true value of life,
and strive for success in all aspects.
Keep an open mind
• Open-minded thinking is the ability to expand and think flexibly, helping you
perceive the world from various perspectives and accept life diversity.
• You can build social relationships and create a multicultural community, united by
respect and acceptance of differences.
Be a spiritual leader
• You have the opportunity to become a spiritual leader helping people manage
emotions and providing spiritual support for everyone.
• You will be a great motivation source for the team and together overcome all
difficulties, aiming for success and shared joy.
35KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Rely on others: Easily dependent on others and not proactive in making decisions.
• Don't have your own identity: Unable to assert yourself and lose confidence.
• Lack leadership ability: Have difficulty leading yourself and others.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Identify and develop strengths: Your strengths can be opportunities for you to
develop and achieve great achievements in work and life.
• Maintain positive thinking: Focus on your strengths and achievements, instead of
focusing on your weaknesses or failures.
• Make your own decisions and take responsibility: Don't doubt your own abilities,
believe that you have the ability to solve any problem independently.
• Learn and build personal skills: Learn and develop the skills needed to take care
of yourself.
36KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 36 - age 44)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 5
This is the golden time for you to unleash your creativity and make breakthroughs in life.
Having the spirit to dare to think, dare to do, and challenge yourself will help you mature
quickly.
Embrace new opportunities
• This stage offers you many chances, urging you to step out of your comfort zone.
• Opportunities to communicate and meet interesting people who can influence your
worldview, helping you make breakthrough decisions.
Cultivate a positive attitude
• You can become independent in terms of economy, finance and spirit.
• You can make your own decisions about your life without others's support.
• The energy during this period is also appropriate for you to start a business and
realize your dream of being an entrepreneur.
Think practically, learn to adapt
• To overcome this stage, you should be flexible in every situation, think realistically,
avoid daydreaming, and act with commitment.
• You need to actively seek opportunities even in challenges, not giving up halfway.
37KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
38KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 45 - age 53)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 5
This is the pinnacle cycle where you step out of your comfort zone to embrace new
relationships, experiences, and dare to be different while unleashing your unique creativity.
Build new and diverse relationships
• Life will provide you with opportunities to continue expanding your life experiences
with various groups of people and explore the world around you.
• You will improve your communication skills with others and meet many new people.
• The opportunity to promote your personal image and learn to adapt to changes is
also a highlight of this pinnacle cycle.
Create and innovate
• You need to harness your breakthrough creativity to avoid being left behind.
• Listen to your soul and understand what your mission in life is. Give yourself the
chance to explore new things, step out of your comfort zone, and refresh your life.
Pursue goals relentlessly
• Always maintain perseverance when pursuing your life's biggest goals.
Opportunities will always come with many challenges, and the lesson for you is
about discipline and self-control.
• There will be conflicts arising, so you need to stay away from things you know are
wrong or unethical.
39KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
40KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 54 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train,
and develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 6
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to care for and pay more attention
to your family; at the same time, it emphasizes the importance of loving yourself properly.
Spread love
• You have many opportunities to carry out acts of kindness, help those in need,
spread and inspire positive values about profound human values to everyone.
• If you act in the right direction, blessings will come to you.
Focus on family
• The family will serve as a support system, a core aspect influencing all your actions.
• You need to protect and care for future generations, create a warm family
environment, provide financial support for descendants, or simply be a source of
encouragement and emotional support for everyone.
Enhance the spirit of responsibility
• This pinnacle cycle is an opportunity for you to change your perception of responsibility.
• You should take care of your health, finances, family, society, etc.
• You regularly check your health, follow doctor's orders, and proactively learn about
health-related issues.
41KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty managing time, easily giving up or procrastinating
• Lack reality and a lot of daydreaming
• Easily get caught up in the details and miss the overall picture
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be determined to the goals: Discipline yourself with the smallest things then
gradually increase the difficulty.
• Focus on the present: Don't focus too much on the past or future, just live at
the moment, from there you will easily see what you can realistically achieve.
• Make a clear plan: You should have specific plans and goals when facing
problems that need to be solved.
42KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
43KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
44KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
45KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
46KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
47KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
48KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
50KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
51KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
53KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
54KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
55KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
56KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
57KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
58KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
59KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62KACPER BURSKI
13/05/2008
CONCLUSION
Dear Kacper Burski
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
63