UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG - 01/06/1990M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Nguyễn Văn Hoàng
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19900601GD7V0W
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 8 6
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
2 7 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
8 1 5
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
7 2,9 16/7,14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,2,9,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
9,1,2 1 5,0,5,5
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
8
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
6 2
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
LIFE PATH NUMBER
8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
77 99
• Attractive, high energy • Good copy ability
1111 2222 3333
• Ambitious, have clear • Capable of influencing
goals
• Practical, clear
• Excellent management
• High self-esteem and
• High standards of ego
quality of life
• Learn through
• Be sensitive to business experience
opportunities
Energy of Number 8
Carrying the energy of number 8, you represent leadership,
strength, wealth and power, the spirit of an entrepreneur
Number 8 people have excellent organizing, leading,
guiding and commanding skills. You are ambitious, have
goals and always desire to achieve them as quickly and
effectively as possible. You have great intellectual and
emotional abilities.
This is the number of leaders and those who wield power
wisely. You have all the conditions to unite people, make
them believe and work towards a common ideal.
12NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
Your strengths
• Have positive energy, extremely attractive
• Be fair and have the right moral values
• Ambitious and likes to challenge myself
• Creativity and passion help you realize your dreams
• Courageous and steadfast to the end
• Be clear and straightforward in everything
Your weaknesses
• Manage emotions to always maintain positive energy
• Being ambitious can make you use any means necessary to achieve your goals.
But never forget the moral values you need to cultivate.
• Imbalance between work, power and other aspects of life.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Addicted to work and always trying my best
• Help those you work with maximize your
potential
• You learn and grow on the job through real-
life experiences
• Ability to manage and lead others to achieve
goals
Advice
• In the early stages, don't put too much emphasis on money
and finances. Focusing on giving and serving with all your
heart will help you get unexpected opportunities.
• Support colleagues with a sincere heart
• Balance your ambitions for power with other aspects of life
such as health, family, friends, etc.
• Leadership role models: high goals and long-term visions
13NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are attractive and make
connections easily
• Bright appearance and
communication ability are your
strengths
• Be clear and unambiguous, especially
in financial matters
• Be dedicated and always do your
best in relationships
Advice
Sometimes your ego is so high that you only focus on criticizing and protecting your
own rights without considering the perspectives of others. Stay calm and learn to
listen and respond positively, only then will you be able to maintain good quality
relationships
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 8
 With the energy of number 8, you are extremely ambitious, with excellent
organizing, leading, guiding and commanding abilities. There are times when you
will experience ups and downs and challenges, but believe that nothing and no
one can stop you from walking on the path of success in your life.
 Number 8's dreams are never small, dream big and always aim for a quality and
classy life.
 Pursue happiness and success with wisdom, maturity and discipline. Sometimes
appreciating and rewarding yourself is absolutely necessary to keep you
motivated. Learn to be grateful and appreciate what you have and have
achieved.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 8 is expressed as contentment,
passivity, aimlessness, carelessness and negativity. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you hone your communication
skills, regain confidence, and reach common goals. Therefore, you can confidently
walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
Career orientation
The ideal career for people with The Life Path Number 8 is big business, jobs related to
finance, commerce, large corporations, senior executive positions, banking, financial or
political consultant, advisor, corporate lawyer, investment broker, sourcing
agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil engineer, athlete , chain store
manager, government official, manufacturer, or school principal, etc. There are also
many artists and actors with Life Path Number 8 energy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person with excellent
transformation and executive capacity
15NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
DESTINY NUMBER The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
6 resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A CARING PERSON WHO SPREADS
UNCONDITIONAL LOVE TO PEOPLE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Living emotionally and nurturing others
• Empathetic, tolerant and understanding
• Gentle and possessing the ability to heal people
• Willing to sacrifice personal interests for others
• High responsibility and longing for creating a sustainable society
Message for you
With a compassionate heart, you can help others overcome their challenges and make
their lives better. However, it is essential to nurture a strong connection with your family.
Family is a solid foundation, teaching you to love yourself and people. Additionally,
enhancing your knowledge in education, psychology and creativity is very beneficial.
Willing to give and doing everything with passion will bring you incredibly wonderful things,
not material things, but with a "loving heart".
16NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
2
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be willing to help others while setting healthy boundaries
• Value your own time and learn to prioritize
• Learn to handle problems peacefully and avoid conflict
• Develop your communication, listening and networking skills
17NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
BALANCE NUMBER 8
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Request clarity and transparency
• Prefer straightforward communication and
express personal viewpoints openly
• Believe in your ability to overcome any
challenge
Things to keep in mind:
• Refrain from imposing your own
thoughts on others
• Avoid focusing excessively on personal
interests and material aspects
• Prioritize mental and physical well-
being
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, embrace each individual's differences
and avoid rigidity, dogmatism in order to harmonize with others
20NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONALITY NUMBER 8
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a business executive
• You are independent and very confident in your own abilities.
• People are highly impressed by your excellent negotiating skills and business
acumen.
• Due to your high vigilance, people can not easily take advantage of you.
• You are a great relationship builder who can drive team performance towards
shared success.
• You are respected for your discipline, integrity and decisiveness.
The greatest glory in life is not in never failing, but in getting up every
time you fail.
- Nelson Mandela -
22NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
1 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self
• You need to continuously learn and innovate in your work.
• When working in a team, you should take the initiative to set direction and
motivate the members.
• Be more proactive in making decisions and dare to express your own
opinions.
• To maximize your potential, you should be open-minded and listen to others’
opinions.
23NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
MATURITY NUMBER
5 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate flexibility and creativity to adapt to changes
• Nurture your spirit and energy to bring new values into your life
• Engage in energy-boosting activities to keep yourself vibrant
• Experience more new things to ignite your boundless creative inspiration
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to bring a fresh breeze of creativity
and freedom to your life and other people.’’
24NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
ATTITUDE NUMBER 7
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You understand that there is an essence behind every object and phenomenon.
• You have an intuitive view and can connect various events into meaningful stories.
• You observe with intelligence and always seek answers to life’s questions.
• You are perceptive, easily recognizing differences and not missing any details in any
matter.
• You cherish every experience in life for personal development.
25NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
26NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
27NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Dismiss others' opinions due to a self-perceived superiority
• Display arrogance, resulting in alienation from those around
• Lack loyalty and appreciation for relationships or possessions
• Overthink and hesitate excessively, often leading to wrong or delayed
decisions
Lessons for you:
• Identify your core values to discard irrelevant matters
• Overcome arrogance, and treat people with respect and trust
• Be open-minded and embrace unexpected things in life
• Be sincere and loyal in love
28NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
29NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
1
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You highly value uniqueness, difference,
and logical thinking.
• You often have independent assessments
and detailed arguments about problems.
• You tend to choose pioneering and
unique options when facing choices.
B˜n c°n h˛c cách cân b˝ng và t˙p trung nˆng lˇ˘ng
Suggestions for you:
• Sometimes, you should consult and
ask for help from others instead of
solving the problem yourself.
• To make the most correct and
comprehensive decisions, you should
have step-by-step strategies and
follow emotions and intuition sparingly.
30NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
31NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
32NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
33NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
7
Pinnacle 4
(age 47 - age 55)
Pinnacle 3
(age 38 - age 46)
9
7 2
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 28) (age 29 - age 37)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
34NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 28)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 7
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to cultivate your potential, develop intuition, and
practice a spiritual discipline. These are important assets for your future.
Improve yourself
• This is a precious time to explore and hone your latent abilities, aiming to become
the best version of yourself.
• These could be opportunities to build new skills: from learning a new language, soft
skills to professional skills, helping you enhance your abilities and working capacity.
Pursue spiritual growth
• This is an appropriate stage for you to study and understand the metaphysical
world and alternative methods.
• Just by seizing development opportunities, trusting intuition, and starting to
practice a spiritual discipline, you will have the ability to achieve happiness and
success.
35NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Easily break commitments and promises: During this stage, you need to focus on
ensuring your commitment and promises so as not to be considered "empty talk" or
"commitment and leave it at that."
• Easily fall into a loss of self-control: You may have more opportunities to
experience, but you need to practice self-control over pleasures to focus on what is
truly important to you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Record progress and set rewards and punishments: Recording and setting your
rewards and punishments for what you have done will help you appreciate your
journey more, thereby avoiding giving up and breaking your initial commitment.
• Always remind yourself of your initial motivation: Find internal and external
motivation to keep your commitment strong. Remind yourself of the reason why
you made the commitment and the benefits your goal brings.
• Set priorities: You need to learn to prioritize and decline things that don't align
with your goals and values.
36NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 29 - age 37)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 2
This is a golden moment for you to refine and build quality relationships, utilizing your
listening skills and keen intuition to connect and collaborate effectively with others.
Build healthy and quality relationships
• You have some experience and maturity to build and develop sustainable
relationships.
• Connecting with like-minded individuals is the key to your personal development
and seeking new job opportunities.
Connect and cooperate effectively
• You will have opportunities to collaborate on large projects. Sensitivity, listening
skills, and a focus on mutual benefits create a comfortable, trusting environment,
contributing to increasing work efficiency.
• Creating new values for self and society
Activate intuitive and perceptive abilities
• Your sharp intuition in this stage helps you predict and analyze situations effectively.
• By recognizing signs and trends, you can make reliable predictions and steer
yourself towards the right direction.
• At this stage, you have the opportunity to listen to yourself, understand your desires,
needs, and values more clearly.
37NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Challenge number 0 at this stage will be the time when you can apply the
experience accumulated from the previous stage to find a smarter way to
handle and choose to cope with challenges that may arise
• If you can apply and execute successfully, this phase challenge is not a big
concern for you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Act wisely and consider carefully: Every challenge at this moment comes from
your choices. So act wisely, because no challenge or many obstacles are your
choice.
• Be flexible to face all challenges: Dare to do, dare to take responsibility, don't
be afraid of failure. You will reach success during this period.
38NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 38 - age 46)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 9
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to serve the community and society through
humanitarian activities. Life also offers you opportunities to reach out and spread positive
values to the world.
Cultivate compassion
• You will be trained in noble qualities such as compassion and tolerance. You will
understand people more deeply and to some extent help them improve their lives.
• By learning to prioritize the needs of others over your own and understanding that
everything is interconnected, happiness will be in your hands.
Dedicate to humanity
• You will have opportunities to give love and genuine care to others.
• You can spend time participating in community activities and demonstrate a
sense of responsibility while spreading humanitarian values.
Enhance language skills
• This pinnacle cycle especially brings you the ability to reach out to the world.
• Improving language skills and gaining international knowledge will undoubtedly
benefit you greatly.
39NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-indulgent tendency and not focus on self-development
• Focus loss while working
• Lack of control leads to falling into temporary pleasures
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Stay free within a framework: Build rules and boundaries to regulate yourself.
• Prioritize important things: Instead of taking on or trying too many aspects, focus
on one thing and be determined to see it through to the end.
• Practice gratitude: Learn to appreciate everything you have, control yourself
better, and stop wasting time on temporary pleasures.
40NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 47 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 7
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to delve deeper into the laws of the
universe as well as connect with your inner self; continue to study and develop yourself.
Develop yourself continuously
• The energy of Pinnacle Number 7 is synonymous with the need for continuous
learning and research.
• Knowledge will help you become a visionary, trusted by others, and sought after for
advice.
Focus on researching and developing an aspect
• This time is ideal for you to choose focusing on a particular field; delve into research
and gather core values, seizing opportunities with pre-established visions and
strategies.
• Moreover, having a broad vision in a field can bring many opportunities for you to
create lasting values for society.
Connect with the inner self, explore aspects related to the inner world
• This pinnacle cycle will contribute to unlocking potential to help you connect
with the inner self.
• This is the time to explore the inner self and find answers to questions that have
puzzled you for a long time, perhaps even for decades.
41NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Be resentful, anxious and have negative emotions
• Become reserved and less interested in new things
• Lack serious commitment , tending to neglect responsibilities
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Control your emotions: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and family, or join
a support group to enhance positive energy, helping you overcome negative
emotions.
• Learn to say “No": Learn to refuse inappropriate things to focus on your core goal.
• Commit to execute: Learn about the importance of keeping promises.
42NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
44NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
45NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
46NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
47NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
48NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
49NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
51NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
52NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
53NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
54NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
55NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
56NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
57NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
58NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
59NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62NGUYỄN VĂN HOÀNG
01/06/1990
CONCLUSION
Dear Nguyễn Văn Hoàng
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
63