Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Parents,
Congratulations on obtaining the Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for your child Nguyen Minh Oskar . This map will serve
as a compass that enables you to unlock your child's future and guide them
towards the destiny that life has given them.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree”. The
family and the surrounding environment play a crucial role in shaping your
child's personality and nurturing their potential. With your proper guidance,
they will better understand themselves and have greater goals to strive for,
instead of becoming confused and disoriented in life.
The numbers in Kid Talent Map will help you identify your child’s talents,
lessons and mission that the universe sent with them when they were born.
Accordingly, you can chart a course for their development and accompany
them on their journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, they
will be met with glorious success every step of the way.
For this very reason, we have devoted great efforts to the Kid Talent Map
tool with the desire to help you activate your child’s true potential and
create the ideal conditions for their development. Thank you for putting
your trust in Kid Talent Map on your journey to build a bright and prosperous
future for your child.
Sincerely,
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
WHAT IS KID TALENT MAP?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific tool that provides 21 numbers to help
guide young talents and their parents on the path to success.
Recognizing that proper education and a suitable development
environment are fundamental to shaping a happy child, we have
devoted great efforts to this special product with highly personalized
guidance.
This tool is the result of combining Pythagorean Numerology with Map
for Success. We have analyzed over 200,000 Maps for Success of our
clients in Vietnam and dedicated thousands of hours to researching child
development and parenting methods. Afterwards, we surveyed many
parents to validate our findings and assess practical application.
VALUE OF KID TALENT MAP
Kid Talent Map empowers parents to:
• Understand: The first step to successful parenting is understanding your child. Kid
Talent Map helps you identify their strengths, weaknesses, abilities and values.
• Analyze: Once you comprehend your child, you can determine the right parenting
approach. This allows you to set goals aligned with their values and strengths. The
tool provides a step-by-step process to help them achieve these goals.
• Act: Goals are not enough. You need to create a specific, realistic and achievable
action plan to help them develop on the right track.
• Commit: You should maintain a learning spirit and tailor your parenting style to your
child. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you on your
journey of wise parenting.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
5 6 5
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the strengths that
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing parents can exploit to help your
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life children succeed
Points parents need to pay attention
to in the process of raising children
0 6 2
LIFE PATH – DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
8 2 1
SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-40 years old
your child in the eyes of others
6 - 14/5
ATTITUDE NUMBER KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
NUMBER
The way your child perceives Lessons your child needs to conquer
Weaknesses that parents can help
everyday situations to perfect himself
their child remedy
1
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
3 9 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,1,7,3
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life
8,9,1 8 2,6,4,4
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION NUMBER CHALLENGE NUMBER
NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
Your child’s energy during the day The energy of your child and those face and the way parents can help
helps parents suggest appropriate born in the same year. your child overcome difficulties
activities for them
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Symbolizedbyapentagram,number5liesatthecenterofthemapandcarriestheenergyofcreativity,
flexibility, being multi-talented, and the ability to be the center of attention. Excellent at
communicationanddiplomacy,theyarewell-likednomatterwheretheygo.
Your child is highly energetic, animated and curious. They constantly ask questions about the world
around them and are always eager to uncover the mysteries it is concealing. They have many creative
ideas,likenewexperiencesandcanadapttoanewenvironmentveryquickly.Theyloveadventuresand
readilytakeonnewchallenges.
Your child also has many talents and likes to do multiple things at once. Their rich imagination and
passionforexplorationcompelthemtotrynewthingsandcomeupwithuniqueideas.Theyactjustas
quicklyastheythink–oncetheyhavesolvedapuzzle,theyimmediatelymoveontoanotherone.
24
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
STRENGTHS
Your child loves freedom, likes to explore and prefers being active to sitting still. They are very
charming in their own unique way thanks to an appealing style of communication and a rich
imagination that can produce many ideas. Flexible and skilled at turning things around, they can
quicklyadaptandwinpeople’sheartsinanewenvironment.
Yourchild’sintelligentandquick-wittednaturemeansthattheytendto be multi-talentedandexcelat
many things. They want to have complete freedom in the way they think and act, and are willing to
take risks if it means they can gain new experiences. They like things that are innovative or unique,
enjoyuncovering mysteries,andhaveachivalrousspirit.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Multi-talented and flexible in their way of thinking, your child can sometimes take on too many
responsibilities.Everythingseemsinterestingandexcitingtothem,sotheytendtolackdetermination,
get distracted easily and change goals constantly. Their ability to be in sync with the surrounding
environmentmightleadthemtobecomesomeonewhoispliantandhasnoopinionsoftheirown.
Yourchilddislikesbeingconstrainedandlimited.Occasionally,theycanbesopreoccupiedwithhaving
fun that they abandon the plans they have previously made. Their intelligence and dynamism, when
combinedwithexcessivecompetitiveness,mayleadthemtobearrogantandconceited.
25
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
You should encourage your child to engage in activities that require imagination and creativity. They
like to have fun so you should not force your opinions upon them and demand them to learn things
they do not want to. They want the freedom to make their own choices, but you should teach them
how to be committed to and responsible for those choices. Only when they are bound by a certain
degreeofdisciplinecantheyachievetheirgoals.
You should enable your child to spend time outdoors or travel somewhere far from home to satisfy
their never-ending need to explore and experience. During the experience, you should accompany
themandaskthemquestionsthatpromotelearningandhelpthemrealizethelessonsontheirown.
You can guide your child to take part in artistic activities such as music or acting so they can use their
imaginationandcreatenewthingstotheirheart’scontent.
26
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 5
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Highly energetic, creative, flexible, adaptable
• Likes new experience, willing to take risks
• Has good communication skills and unique charms
• Loves freedom, curious, likes new things
• Easily influenced by the surrounding environment
• Easily distracted, forgetful
• Can be quick-tempered or over-confident
LESSON
Life Path Number 5 indicates that your child’s lesson is to become someone who creates innovative
breakthroughs, breaks down long-standing barriers, and opens up new, liberating horizons.
27
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 6
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to understand people and recognize the root cause of the problems they
encounter.However,theycansometimesbetoodependentontheirfriendsandfamilywhenevertheir
life becomes difficult. Therefore, you should help them learn how to be self-reliant, assume
responsibilityandfacehardshipsinamorematuremanner.Theyneedtofullyharnesstheiremotional
intelligence,honestyandmagnanimitytosolveproblemsdirectlyandeffectively.
61
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 5
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomesomeonewhoisadventurousandcreative.Theyliketodaydreamand
can always come up with unique ideas. Cheerful and energetic, they can connect with those around
themwithjoyandpositivity.
Youshouldencourageyourchildtopursuetheircreativeideas,haveaflexiblewayofthinkingandnot
to shy away from trying new things. They will need their parents’ encouragement when the way they
think or solve problems isdifferentfrom the norm. They also like adventures andnewexperiences, so
you can give them the opportunities to explore foreign lands and come into contact with different
cultures.
Yourchildcancreateabetterlivingconditionforothersbyrevolutionizingthewaythingsare,creating
new trends and broadening their horizons. They must learn how to move forward and let go of the
outdated and obsolete things that are in their way. They also need to develop the willingness to take
risksandbeadventurous, andtobecomemoredecisive,hardworking anddiligent.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION
NUMBER - 0
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 0 indicates that in order to attain success and
happiness in their life, your child needs to improve themselves everyday and focus on
following their Life Path and Destiny Number on the basis of Morality – Wisdom –
Effort, which serves as a guiding principle for the entirety of their life. Living by this
number and improving themselves in accordance with the 3-root system will bring
themlong-lastingsuccessandhappiness.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 6
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 6 indicates that your child is loving and loyal. They are devoted to their family and
strongly believe in traditional values. They also exhibit artistic talents and the ability to appreciate
beauty.Highlyempathetic,theyalwayswantto helpothersandgivethemgoodadvice.Inreturn,they
needtofeellovedandacceptedbytheirfamilyandfriends,andtohaveintimatebondswiththem.
Despite being able to guide and persuade others, your child must be careful not to be too frank and
brusque, and express their opinions too aggressively. Having strong opinions also means they can
sometimes be stubborn and talk back to you. Similarly, their need for people’s recognition can make
them too demanding of others and thus bothersome to them. These are the shortcomings that you
mustpayattentiontowhenyourchildhasSoulUrgeNumber6.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 2
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 2 indicates that your child is affectionate, has a loving heart and enjoys displaying
affection to other people.They arealsohighlysensitive, considerate andintuitive, whichenables them
tosensehowothersarefeelingandbringpeopletogether.
Having Birthday Number 2, your child likes cooperating and connecting with other people to make a
difference in the world. Therefore, they are rarely seen working alone unless it has to do with their
personalhobbies.
Bornwithimmenselyskillfulhands,yourchildalsoexcelsatactivitiesthatinvolvetheuseoftheirhands
such as painting or playing musical instruments. You should compliment and highlight their abilities
regularly, particularly their ability to bring people together for a common cause, and to resolve
sensitiveanddelicateissues.
However,they are prone to becomingvolatile,sensitive,stressed,anxiousandspacedoutwhenfacing
difficulties. Beware that negative emotions, when bottled up, can lead to many physical health
problems. You should assist them in releasing stress and teach them how to avoid being taken
advantageof.
99
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 8
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’s first impression of your child is that they are dynamic, energetic, outspoken and perceptive.
When someone asks them for help, they will get to know the situation before agreeing to the request. If
they do not feel comfortable doing so, they will decline in a straightforward manner, and will not change
theirmindonceadecisionhasbeenmade.
Your child pays a lot of attention to their appearances, and likes things that are attractive, colorful or
luxurious. They also enjoy being generous to others, but if anyone wants to take advantage of this, they
cansee through itrightaway. This iswhy youmay be surprisedby the way they handle certain situations.
However, it’s simply because they are perceptive to and cautious against attempts to take advantage of
them.
Some people like how unambiguous, practical and straightforward your child is because it means they
never have to guess what’s on their mind. That being said, in some cases, your child might hurt others’
feelingsbynotmincingtheirwordsaboutwhattheylikeordislike.Thesearethecharacteristicsassociated
with Personality Number 8 that they display to others. However, they are often simply initial impressions
anddonotrepresenttheentiretyoftheirthoughtsandfeelings.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 2
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should take the initiative in connecting with other people and
forming relationships withthem.Inorderto do so,theymustfirstlearnhow topayattentionto others’
needs. They will have great relationships if they can understand what people want. In every problem
and situation, they should hone their ability to listen to and empathize with others. Their sincerity and
gentleness are what people notice about them. To avoid unnecessary misunderstandings, they should
applythistotheirprofessionalandpersonalrelationships,whichwillhelpthemformbetterconnections
withthosearoundthem.
12
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 1
The Maturity Number reveals what your child should do and what they should focus on in order to
advancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthemostproductiveperiodoftheirlife,which
isfromtheageof30to35.
Maturity Number 1 indicates that during this period, your child must be independent and confident
enough to stand on their own feet due to many hardships and challenges that will appear during this
time.Theyneedto bematureandindependentinthe waytheythink,andhavefullconfidence inevery
decisiontheymake.
All of this will provide them with the resources they need to reach their goals and strive towards a
certain ideal. Having Maturity Number 1 means they must be ready to assume a leadership role. When
life brings them opportunities, they should take initiative in taking on their mission and responsibility
withintheirorganizationorintheirpersonallife.
Your child will need to quickly identify goals and take actions to complete any tasks they have because
they are opportunities for them to prove themselves. If they have any intention to open their own
businessorimplementanewbusinessmodel,theyshouldbepreparedtogetstarted.
Maturity Number 1 demands great efforts, hard work and a strong sense of responsibility from your
child. They will also need to learn more about management and leadership. The challenges that come
with this period will help them reach new career heights, and many opportunities and rewards will be
awaitingthem.
19
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 3 indicates that your child has a quick and unique way of thinking;
the ideas that they can come up with often surprise others. Faced with a problem, they tend
to have a lot of ideas. When working among a group of friends, they always have unique,
creativeandinnovativethoughts.
This type of thinking will become evenmore prominentas your childmatures,which enables
them to come up with many unique ideas and solutions. The deeper they look, the more
possibilities and opportunities they can create in places no one else could think of. Theirs
represents an innovative type of thinking and outlandish approaches. However, sometimes
theirideasarestillinfluencedbyemotionalfactors.
42
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 9
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Having Subconscious Self Number 9 will help your child maintain a focus on noble values and being of
servicetoothers.Thisnumberinfluenceseverydecisiontheymakeandthemoretheyactinaccordanceto
it,thebettertheirabilitytoattracttheresourcesthatwillhelpthemachievetheirgoals.
You can help your child harness the power of this number by consistently teaching them to have a
multidimensional and comprehensive perspective on any given problem, and to look at the problem in
relation to those around them. In other words, they need to take other people's interests into
consideration.
59
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5 (2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6 (2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7 (2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8 (2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1 (4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2 (5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3 (6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4 (7/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5 (8/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 6
(age 0 - age 31)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period when your child needs to focus on taking care of familial affairs. They should spend more
time for their family because the energy associated with family and taking care of loved ones will help
their career progress smoothly. During this period, there is no need for them to overexert themselves or
raceagainstanything.Instead,theyshouldfocusontheirfamilyfirst,thenonthecommunity.
During this period, your child will be considerate, caring and helpful to their family and other people
aroundthem,andfilltheirworldwithloveandaffection.Theyshouldactivelyengageinsowingseeds,for
example,bydonatingtochildrenofimpoverishedfamiliesortohomelesspeoplebecausetheywillradiate
an energy of altruism, magnanimity and compassion. Should they be able to take advantage of it, a lot of
blessingswillbebestoweduponthem.
This is also a time when your child feels a stronger sense of responsibility. Their life will mostly revolve
aroundbeingofservicetoothers,whichisalsothelessontheymustlearn.Therefore,evenwhentheyare
still young, you must be a role model for them on how to be attentive, caring and helpful to people.
Developing these qualities in their everyday life will help them successfully complete their Pinnacle 6.
Their family will serve as a solid foundation for their development, a safe haven where they can always
findshelter,andalsothelaunchingpadfortheircareer.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 1
(age 32 - age 40)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodfor yourchildto prove themselvesandstandontheir ownfeetto improve every aspectof
theircareer.Theirwillpowerisgoingtobetestedbymanyhardshipsandchallenges.
During this period, your child must set clear goals for their life and fully commit themselves to reaching
them. Should they manage to accomplish this, they will be able to establish a career for themselves,
because Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working independently or opening their own business. If
suitable resources and opportunities are available to them, they should be determined to launch a
company,storeorproduct.Shouldtheymanagetodoso,theirnextcycleisboundtobeagreatone.
Yourchildwillhavetolearntwomajorlifelessons,whichinclude“leadingthemselvesandleadingothers.”
No matter what role they might take in their career or personal life, there will be times when they are
given great responsibilities or the position of managing, leading and guiding others. They need to take
initiativeandbewillingtoassumethesedutiesbecausetheywillteachthemlessonsonleadership.During
Pinnacle Number 1, if they insist on declining responsibility, it’s very likely that they will experience the
challengesandlessonsofnumber1.
This is a time of revelations, new experiences, and challenges, which may occur in fields that your child is
unfamiliar with,butthey shouldtake all the opportunities theygetinorder to gainas muchexperience as
theycan.Duringthisperiod,theyneedto haveenoughwillpower anddeterminationtopursuetheir goals
inordertoachievethebestresults.Ifyoucanteachthemhowtosetgoalsandthinkindependentlyfroma
youngage,theywillbeabletoovercomeanyhardships.Thechallengestheyfacewillhelpthembuildself-
confidenceandhonetheirskills.
87
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 7
(age 41 - age 49)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period,your childneeds to focus onunderstanding andconstantly improving themselves. This
isagoodtimeforthemtogivetheirlifeafreshstart.Theyshouldbelieveinthemselvesandtrytodevelop
theirpreviouslyunexploredaspectsorskills.
During this period, your child can be described as a sponge that absorbs new information instantly. The
moretheyfocusonlearningandimprovingthemselves,themoreopportunities they willhaveto advance
theircareer.Iftheyareabletomatchtheenergyofnumber7,alotofpeoplewillcometothemtoaskfor
advice on how they should navigate their problems, because they believe that your child’s immense
knowledgecangivethemamultifacetedperspectiveonthings.Therefore,theyshouldidentifytheareaof
expertise where they are the mostcompetentbecause itwill be their competitive edge. Pinnacle Number
7isalsoatimewhentheymustpositionthemselvesasanadvisorandstrategizefortheirareaofexpertise.
Followingtherightdirectionwillbringthemgreatsuccess.
Moreover,number7’senergyisalsostronglyconnectedtospirituality.Therefore,evenwhenyourchildis
still young, you should educate them on the universe’s unchanging laws, such as the law of reaping and
sowing, the law of cause and effect, or the law of focus. Help them develop a profound understanding of
these beliefs and practice them on the basis of ethics, intellect and willpower. Additionally, they should
spend them exploring their inner world and finding the answers to the questions that have long been
puzzling them.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 3
(age 50 or later)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for your child during this period, as whether they
are successful or not all depends on their communication skills. Should they be able to match the energy
ofnumber3,theywill“speakoutmoney.”Thisisalsothelessontheymustlearnduringthistime,whichis
tofocusonimprovingtheirlinguisticabilities.Tothisend,they mustcommunicatemoreandtakecourses
on subjects like presentation or public speaking so that they can use language in a more flexible and
precise way. This is because their communication skills and energy will make many people want to work
withthem.
In order to constantly maintain an optimal level of energy, your child will need to spend more time
exercising, listening to music, taking lessons on how to motivate themselves, etc. They should also
participate in many community activities or need to appear in public because their positive energy and
communicationskillswillhelpthemattractothersandleaveagreatimpressiononthem.
During this time, your child will really want to delve into the things they like or yearn to express
themselves.Theirtalentswillbringthemfinancialgains,fame,or publicappreciation.If PinnacleNumber
3 occurs when they are still young, you should help them adopt a positive and creative mindset and
develop their linguistic skills in order to seize opportunities as they appear. Even before a Pinnacle
Number 3 arrives, nurturing and utilizing these skills regularly will still provide them with the potential to
succeed.
89
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER- 6
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 6 is associated with your child’s responsibilities to their family. Your child must learn
howtomaintainbalancebetweenthemselves,theirfamilyandtheircareer.Theyshouldbemoreloving,
caringandempathetictowardsthosearoundthem.
Your child can sometimes have extremely high expectations for themselves and those around them. If
this is the case, they should try to be less judgmental, critical and demanding of themselves and others.
Instead, they should open up and communicate their thoughts in order to receive others’ affection and
understanding inreturn.Familyiswheretheyneedtobuildasolidfoundationfirst.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 4
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number4indicatesthatyourchildneeds tofocusonstudyinganddevelopingtheir expertise,
whichwillserveasthefoundation fortheirsuccess.
Additionally, they need to pay more attention to matters that require them to be detail-oriented and
meticulous, such as paperwork. Learning how to be disciplined and organized will help them overcome
thischallenge.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 8 (25/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Today is a great day for your child to share their ambitions with you. They should be encouraged to set
specificgoalsanddiscusstheachievementstheywanttoreceive.
You should educate them about the value of money and how to use it wisely. You can empower them to
makeaspendingplanandsavemoneytoreachtheirgoals.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 9 (26/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Todayisaperfectdayforyourchildtocompletetheirunfinishedtasks.Moreover,youshoulddiscusstheir
strengthsandweaknesses,andgivethemhelpfuladvicefortheirimprovement.
Theenergyofdaynumber9increasesstrongerwhenyouhelpthemlearnthevalueofgratitude,tolerance
and giving. This contributes to shaping their compassion and responsibility. These qualities will nurture a
happy,optimisticchildwholivesausefullifeforsociety.
9
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 1 (27/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
You should encourage your child to participate in activities that promote exploration, creativity, and
leadership abilities. Moreover, you should nurture their independence by assigning tasks within their
capabilities,rangingfromsmallchorestomoresignificantresponsibilities.
When your child completes a task, you should acknowledge their efforts and motivate them with verbal
praiseorattractiverewards.Thiswillhelpthemexpressthemselveswithmoreconfidence.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
19. ATTITUDE NUMBER - 6
The Attitude Number describes how your child perceives everyday situations. This allows you to
guide them in choosing appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive
aspectsoflife.
Attitude number 6 reveals that your childis very warm, affectionate, and always cares about everyone
around them. They tend to be close-knit with parents, siblings and relatives because family and loved
onesareveryimportanttothem.
One special thing is that they often focus on details, have a sense of aesthetics and high standards for
many things. However, this may cause your child to impose pressure on themselves, so you should
encouragethemtoembracethebeautyofimperfections.Additionally,sometimestheirperspectivecan
be heavilyinfluenced by others' opinions.Therefore, they needtoimprove critical thinkinganddevelop
theirownopinionsineveryaspectoflife.
6
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
20. KARMIC DEBT NUMBER – 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding significant
perseverance and determination from your child for surmounting. Successfully
navigating through these challenges will foster their robust development and
enhance theirresilienceonlife’sjourney.
Karmic Debt Number 14/5 indicates that your child needs to enhance self-reliance,
practiceself-loveinapositivemannerandliveapurposeful life.
To help your child complete this lesson, you should support them in developing
meaningful values and healthy habits. Every day, you should collaborate with them to
build their discipline and self-awareness in each choice and thought. This helps them
understandtheimportanceofeachbehavior,ratherthanindulgingthemselvesoracting
impulsively. Due to their free spirit, it is crucial for your child to balance personal
aspirations and responsibilities. The important qualities they need to cultivate are
commitment, a steadfast spirit and a strong determination in order to overcome life's
challengesandtemptations.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Nguyen Minh Oskar
11/04/2024
https://gein.vn/
21. GENERATION NUMBER - 8
TheGeneration Numberdescribes theenergyofyourchildandthose bornin
the same year. Accordingly, you can create suitable activities to foster their
personalgrowthanddevelop theirpeerrelationship.
Energy of Generation 8: Your child is active, agile, and has an aesthetic sense
andhighstandards.They haveastrongperseveranceanddeterminationinthe
face of life's difficulties. As they grow older, they will increasingly show their
potential and passion for business, finance and investment. This could be a
valuableopportunity fortheiroutstanding developmentinthefuture.
Suggestions for your child’s development: Your child should learn to manage
emotions, balance between spirituality and materialism and nurture moral
valuesforthoughtfuldecision-making.Yourproperguidancewillcultivatetheir
"warriorspirit”onthejourneytohappinessandprosperity.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42