UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE MINH THU MISTY - 18/11/2002M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Le Minh Thu Misty
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20021118WV9R2E
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
6 4 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 6 9
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
1 5 4
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
2 6 19/1,13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
5 8 2,3,4,5,8,9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,4,6,6
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
4,5,6 4 7,5,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
6
LIFE PATH
6
SOUL URGE
7 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
LIFE PATH NUMBER
6
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5
7 8 9
Keywords
11 22 33
• Tolerant, altruistic • Gentle and sociable
• Loving and willing to • Loyal and devoted to
give loved ones
• Warm, gentle • Develop family roots
• Pay attention and take • Maturity in thoughts and
care of others actions
• Creativity, artistic • Responsibility, spirit of
tendency wholehearted service
Energy of Number 6
Carrying the energy of number 6, you are the embodiment
of protection, love, and support for others. Instinctively, you
always want to play the role of sharing and giving advice.
You are good fathers and mothers.
You focus on family harmony, truth, justice, and the desire
to nurture family values. You radiate warm energy.
The number “6” is a harmonious number, representing
friendship, love, harmony, health, beauty and wisdom.
12LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and love for those around you
• Gentle and graceful behavior
• Be ready to give and serve wholeheartedly
• Sense of responsibility is extremely great
• Artistic creative talent
• Good aesthetic sense
Your weaknesses
• It's possible to take on too much responsibility and put undue pressure on
yourself
• Avoid letting your kindness be taken advantage of
• Don't beat yourself up too much if the results are not as expected
• Learn to love yourself
• Cultivate your intelligence to be able to contribute your best
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Being meticulous at work helps you gain
credibility
• High sense of responsibility, always
completing tasks to the end
• Attract talented people thanks to a sincere
loving heart
• Always proactively seek and offer solutions
Advice
• Work with the criteria of a cool head and a hot heart
• Confidently express your opinion
• Leadership model: loving and caring leader
13LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Act as a nurturer for relationships
• Be tolerant and know how to put yourself
in others' shoes
• Good at taking care of and caring for
others
• Be loyal and dedicated
• Treat people gently and warmly
Advice
Don't let others take advantage of you. You really do not have to help everyone; If they
don't want help, respect their decision. Learn to give and love wisely. Always believe
that "You must know how to love yourself before loving and taking care of others."
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 6
 Keep pursuing humanitarian values because you feel satisfied and happy when you
become useful to the community and serve others.
 Love and care for family and loved ones. This is the root of your efforts and your
motivation. Your success must come from having a happy and united family.
 Dare to accept responsibility and serve wholeheartedly. All your efforts and
dedication will certainly be recognized and appreciated, bringing you opportunities
for advancement and success in this life.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 6 is expressed in selfishness,
carelessness and irresponsibility. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on
developing your empathy and putting yourself in other people's shoes, daring to
accept responsibility and giving your all. If you do that, you will definitely achieve
fulfilling results.
14LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
Career orientation
Jobs suitable for people with a Life Path Index of 6 related to care include nurses,
doctors, preschool or elementary school teachers, housewives, guidance counselors or
family and marriage counselors. , community service, social welfare and arts advocate;
Jobs related to creativity such as interior design, singer, actor... Your biggest career goal
is to create a positive change in the lives of customers.
GRADUATION LESSON
Learn to use wisdom to tolerate,
protect and love unconditionally
15LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
6 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You always strive for truth, goodness and beauty in life
• Your happiness comes from peaceful moments with
family and loved ones.
• You are willing to lend a helping hand to others and
dedicate yourself to a better society.
Favorite workplaces
• Bring warmth, intimacy and foster team spirit
• Cultivate compassion and kindness among people
• Create opportunities to contribute and spread love
to others
Suitable relationships
• Build on love and harmony
• Have mutual care, empathy and companionship
• Connect with responsible, sincere and faithful
individuals
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
BALANCE NUMBER 4
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Thoroughly analyze all aspects to
identify the core of the problem
• Always base decisions on reason,
objectivity and clarity
• Have unwavering perseverance and
relentlessly pursue your goals
Things to keep in mind:
• Balance logic with emotional and
intuitive factors for flexibility
• Avoid excessive stubbornness, be
open to seize good opportunities
• Use time effectively when researching
and delving into problems
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require tailoring outcome standards
to the specific situation. You should step outside your comfort zone to gain valuable
experience as well.
20LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 9
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Mature, courageous and highly responsible
• Empathetic, appreciative of humanity and compassion
• Generous, passionate and inclined to help others
Natural abilities
• Patient, dedication and willingness to shoulder
responsibilities
• Strong spiritual leadership and soul-soothing abilities
• Far-sighted vision, oriented towards community benefits
The environment for your talent development
Education, training, Health, therapy, Humanitarian and
religion, politics healing volunteerism
CChhặặnngg 11
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONALITY NUMBER 1
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a leader
• People may admire your confidence and assertiveness.
• You are independent and unafraid to express your opinions.
• You stand strong in the face of adversity and can become others’s pillar of support.
• You are naturally trustworthy in a leadership role.
• You excel in concealing and managing emotions. Even when you are feeling afraid,
you manage to remain calm.
I am the master of my destiny, the captain of my soul.
- William Ernest Henley -
22LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
5 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• Broaden your vision and courageously embrace challenges
• Be flexible and adaptable to fully enjoy life experiences
• Thoroughly research information to present your viewpoints persuasively
• Listen respectfully to opposing opinions for a flexible and open response
23LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
MATURITY NUMBER
4 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate your own discipline, principles and ethics
• Establish a detailed plan and persistently pursue your goals
• Continuously develop your professional expertise
• Equip yourself with knowledge about investment, finance and real
estate
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to develop yourself into a true expert.’’
24LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
ATTITUDE NUMBER 2
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are very amiable and gentle with people.
• You see life through a romantic and affectionate lens.
• You perceive things in a multifaceted, objective and impartial manner.
• You tend to be sensitive, vulnerable, and easily influenced by people’s words. It is
very essential to nurture your self-worth and establish healthy boundaries.
• Due to preference for safety and fear of risks, you often hesitate and make
decisions slowly in challenging situations. Embracing openness, and balancing your
heart and mind will greatly benefit you.
25LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
26LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
27LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
5
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a sharp thinker, always carrying
a high energy frequency.
• You often tend to solve problems easily,
spontaneously, and quickly.
B˜n luôn gi° v°ng lý trí, ˛n ˝˙nh ˝ˆˇc c˘m xúc , bình tĩnh trước mọi vấn (cid:28)ề
• You are willing to make risky decisions
without being afraid of challenges.
Suggestions for you:
• Try to regulate emotions, balance
between reality and imagination.
• Before making a decision, you should
consider and evaluate carefully to
keep everything in control and your
solution ability.
28LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
8
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Define clearly and specifically the journey you want to conquer
• Promote continuous personal development through learning about business or
business models,...
• Develop relationships to get more perspectives from many people in solving problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing clear plans and goals will help you come up with the right
approaches when solving problems, thereby moving forward.
29LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
30LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 2
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are good at listening, giving advice, and always want to connect with people.
• You prefer gentleness and romance, always aiming for a friendly and peaceful
environment.
• You respect and acknowledge others, and you also want them to respect and
acknowledge you as well.
• You have a persuasive ability, being able to make people trust and listen.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to further hone your
ability to listen and subtly perceive other people's emotions.
31LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 3
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are articulate, full of energy, and have a strong desire to share this positivity
with everyone.
• You want to express yourself through constant sharing, communication, and action.
• You have a passion for beauty and aesthetics, take pleasure in dressing elegantly,
and often receive compliments from others.
• You love creative, artistic things.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
In order to fully harness your passion, it is essential to maintain
positive energy and further improve your ability to speak and
use words effectively.
32LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 4
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer safety, stability, and certainty in all things even if they are big or small.
• You are proactive in every situation, feel secure when everything is scheduled, and
follow the plan in a stable manner.
• You are highly disciplined and want to work in an environment with processes and
frameworks.
• You like practical, detailed things and keep persistent with your goals.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to proactively seek
opportunities for personal development, and dare to step out of your
comfort zone to experience many new things in life.
33LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
34LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 8
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like straightforwardness, clarity, and fairness in all aspects of life.
• You are passionate about money earning and business investment.
• You like to be honored, recognized, rewarded, and have high standards in life.
• You feel satisfied when assigned leadership, management, and executive positions in
projects.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to learn how to
take care of your mental health and pay attention to your
work-life balance.
35LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 9
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You feel happy when you help someone in difficult situations and desire to do noble
volunteer work.
• You have a high aesthetic taste like delicate and artistic things.
• You are willing to give, contribute, and bring positive changes to society.
• You aim for macro-level things, always fighting for a better world.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to choose a few key
goals to focus on completing and working toward the best results.
36LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
6
Pinnacle 4
(age 49 - age 57)
Pinnacle 3
(age 40 - age 48)
6
2 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 30) (age 31 - age 39)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
37LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 30)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 2
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to build sincere relationships and learn how to
maintain a balance between work and physical - mental health.
Building quality relationships
• You should spend ample time understanding and bonding with your family.
• Open up and cultivate valuable friendships.
• You have many opportunities to expand your social network within your passionate field.
Enhancing intuition
• You will become more sensitive to the environment and the emotions of those
around you.
• You are encouraged to spend time researching metaphysics, psychology, or any
field related to helping others.
Balance between work and life
• You will have time to relax and relieve stress to enhance your mental health and be
ready to face new challenges.
• You can take advantage of modern technology to work efficiently and save time,
thus enjoying life more.
38LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
Challenge Number 7
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Faith loss: Show skeptical expression about things around you because you can not
find the origin of belief and reason to believe.
• Lack of connection with yourself: Have difficulty understanding your own inner self.
• Difficulty in learning and self-development: The reason may be the knowledge
immensity or disorientation
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Determine goals and direction: During this growth process, you are on your way to
finding direction in life. Therefore, you need to clearly define your goals so you don't get
lost and confused.
• Dare to try, dare to be wrong: This includes learning from experience, embracing
challenges and mistakes, developing skills and competencies, and expanding
knowledge in important areas of life.
• Accept personal development as a continuous process: Success in personal
development must come with self-acceptance. This requires self-love, self-
acceptance, and listening to your inner voice.
39LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 31 - age 39)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
40LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Restless and impatient feeling: The desire to seek innovation and constant
change leads to a lack of focus and long-term commitment.
• Difficulty finding clear direction or purpose because you want to cover so many
things, and your focus is scattered in too many directions
• Easy-to-relax vigilance leads to indulgence in the way of living or working
• Stabilization difficulty: You continuously seek constant change and new
experiences which can lead to instability and difficulty establishing a solid
foundation.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Find a balance between your desire for change and your need for stability: Change
can indeed bring many benefits, but it is essential to maintain a level of consistency
and commitment.
• Focus on setting clear goals: This is to determine direction and your purpose.
• Practice perseverance and patience when facing challenges: You need to
understand that long-term success often requires dedication and effort
• Invest time and effort in personal development: Welcome experiences with new
adventures and ensure that decisions are made with careful consideration.
41LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 40 - age 48)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 6
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue nurturing your family and contributing more to
the community and society.
Respect family and fully dedicate to career
• You will develop the ability to balance giving and taking, between family and
career, and between the needs of others and your own needs.
• This is the time for you to strengthen the solid foundation within your family.
Spread love and compassion
• Do not hesitate to express your feelings and spend time bonding with your loved
ones.
• You should also participate in sowing seeds of kindness, such as charity work for
underprivileged children or the homeless.
Enhance your sense of responsibility
• You dare to take on responsibilities, love, and care for your loved ones.
• You also need to pay attention to your own needs, feelings, and health. Only when
you have responsibilities for yourself can you become a strong support for others.
42LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
43LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 49 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train,
and develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 6
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to care for and pay more attention
to your family; at the same time, it emphasizes the importance of loving yourself properly.
Spread love
• You have many opportunities to carry out acts of kindness, help those in need,
spread and inspire positive values about profound human values to everyone.
• If you act in the right direction, blessings will come to you.
Focus on family
• The family will serve as a support system, a core aspect influencing all your actions.
• You need to protect and care for future generations, create a warm family
environment, provide financial support for descendants, or simply be a source of
encouragement and emotional support for everyone.
Enhance the spirit of responsibility
• This pinnacle cycle is an opportunity for you to change your perception of responsibility.
• You should take care of your health, finances, family, society, etc.
• You regularly check your health, follow doctor's orders, and proactively learn about
health-related issues.
44LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with balancing emotions
• Be sensitive and lack confidence because you care too much about what
other people think about you
• Take on too much responsibility and do not have time for yourself
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be brave in facing your feelings: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and
family, or join a support group to enhance your positive energy, helping you
overcome negative emotions.
• Learn to say “No" firmly if you don't want to do something: You should analyze
and consider the appropriateness of assigned tasks and responsibilities so that
you do not become overloaded.
45LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
46LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
47LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
48LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
49LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
50LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
51LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
53LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
54LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
55LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
56LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
57LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
58LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
59LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
60LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
61LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
62LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
63LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
64LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
65LE MINH THU MISTY
18/11/2002
CONCLUSION
Dear Le Minh Thu Misty
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
66