UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA - 17/09/2003M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Nguyen Huyen Chau Yolanda
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20030917OD7T1G
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
22 5 3
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 1 8
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
2 1 7
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
8 2,9 -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
6,7,8,9,1 3,4,5,6,7 8,4,3,5
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
1,2,3 5 1,3,2,4
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
22
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
3 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
LIFE PATH NUMBER
22
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Big visions • Loyalty
11 33
• Implementing skills • Creativity
• Ability to connect people • Sincerity
• Good intuition • Self-discipline
• Ability to access and • Unique way of
analyze opportunities thinking
Energy of Number 22
The combination of the energies of the numbers "2" and "4"
creates The Life Path Number with strong energy. With the
right commitment and motivation, you can connect
people, ideas and resources, the three elements needed
to execute any plan.
You are always honest in your words and actions and
never break your commitments. You are passionate about
everything you do. When faced with challenges and
failures, you stay calm and act with a prepared backup
plan,
The energy of certain "masters" together makes you have
great intuition and psychic abilities.
12NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
Your strengths
• Integrity in words and actions
• Good sense of order and morality
• Strive to break limits and develop sustainably
• Logical and scientific thinking
• Attention to detail and foundational construction
Your weaknesses
• Learn to prioritize and determine the core value of things
• Control yourself well, focus on developing in the area you are best at
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Great vision
• Excellent execution
• Ability to evaluate and analyze
opportunities
• Create special and unique solutions and
values
• Discipline and have your own rules
Advice
• Learn to trust and acknowledge others.
• Avoid making decisions based on emotions
• Be flexible and don't get so focused on details that
you miss the bigger picture
• Leadership model: vision and creative capacity
13NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Solid and reliable support
• Keep your promises, never make
empty promises
• Likes to associate with people
who have great vision and a
progressive mindset
Advice
• Learn to share and give more love
• Be honest with your feelings
• Avoid being rigid and controlling in
relationships
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 22
With the energy of number 22, your purpose in life is to create visions and turn big
dreams into reality.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of The Life Path Number 22 is
expressed in an undisciplined, selfish, playful lifestyle and not knowing how to
connect. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on finding an environment
that helps you practice discipline, develop a growth mindset and the ability to use
words. Only then can you confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
Career orientation
Ideal careers for people with The Life Path Number 22 are engineers, architects,
hardware manufacturers, craftsmen, contractors, furniture dealers, technicians,
programmers or distribution engineers. computer analyst, military officer, manager,
librarian, accountant, civil or government service, coach, office manager. People with a
Life Path Number of 22 must control their own lives. They have the ability to turn ideas
into words and actions, because they have method and foresight.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a great creator of the world
15NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
3
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN INSPIRER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Always have a positive and optimistic attitude in life
• Utilize words skillfully, flexibly and intelligently
• Possess a rich imagination and an exceptional creativity
• Be quick-witted, humorous, and bring laughter to others
• Have the ability to inspire and transform people’s lives through your words
Message for you
Before inspiring others, you need to tap into your true potential, bravely express your
authentic self and pursue your own destiny. You will achieve your highest purpose by living
with optimism, passion, compassion and joy. It is crucial to focus on the positive, believe in
the good things ahead and persevere in your goals.
16NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
BALANCE NUMBER 5
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Maintain an optimistic perspective and
balance emotions in all situations
• Prefer the freedom to decide your life,
aspiring to create unique and
memorable experiences
• Sometimes prioritize alternative
approaches to relieve mental pressure
before resolving problems
Things to keep in mind:
• Approach problems objectively, avoiding
imposing your own thoughts on others
• Avoid selfish thinking and taking
reckless actions
• Choose healthy stress-relieving
methods, steering clear of substance
abuse and procrastination in problem-
solving
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require cultivating your discipline and
focus instead of wasting excessive time on entertainment.
20NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 8
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Quick-witted, charismatic and strong-willed personality
• High standards and distinctive aesthetic sense
• Diligent, persistent and highly determined person
Natural abilities
• Proficiency in calculation and copying skills
• Excellent planning, management and goal-setting abilities
• Have a considerable business and financial acumen
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for career Business and sales Highly competitive
development workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONALITY NUMBER 2
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a natural connector and mediator
• You are a warm, affectionate and gentle person.
• You empathize deeply with others’ stories and struggles.
• You are approachable, compassionate and forgiving.
• People often admire your tact, grace and sensitivity.
• People feel very comfortable and safe in your presence.
The ultimate purpose of happy is to have someone to share.
-Mark Twain -
22NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
1 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self
• You need to continuously learn and innovate in your work.
• When working in a team, you should take the initiative to set direction and
motivate the members.
• Be more proactive in making decisions and dare to express your own
opinions.
• To maximize your potential, you should be open-minded and listen to others’
opinions.
23NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
MATURITY NUMBER
7
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Continuously develop deep and profound knowledge
• Share knowledge and elevate others’ intellect
• Dedicate time to introspection and exploring the essence of life
• Delve into the inner self to understand your true calling
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a strategist.”
24NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
ATTITUDE NUMBER 8
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You see life from a practical perspective and often evaluate issues based on their
benefits.
• You can recognize potential business opportunities in everyday life.
• You are a visionary and often evaluate things in the overall context.
• When encountering challenges, whether fearful or stumbling, you never give up but
keep moving forward.
• You are straightforward, genuine and clear-headed. You dislike anything vague or
beating around the bush.
25NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
26NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
27NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
28NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
8
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are strong, powerful, and decisive
in your thinking and actions.
• You tend to be far-sighted, always
observing the whole picture, and
details are not your priority.
Suggestions for you:
• Learn to calm down, argue less, learn
to give and control your ego.
• Reduce focus on material aspects of
money, which makes your spirit more
comfortable and positively supports
your way of thinking.
29NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
GENERATION NUMBER 5
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 5:
• When you own the Energy of Generation Number 5, you always like freedom, desire
constant innovation, and experience many interesting things in life.
• Showing optimism and positivity in life with a dreamy soul
• Always looking outward, an extroverted, dynamic, attractive, and radiant
type of person
• What you need to do is maintain a positive energy level and consider a realistic
perspective before taking action.
• You are suitable for working in a creativity-focused environment, especially in fields
of a social and artistic nature.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Flexible, easily adapts to circumstances
• Thinking beyond the times
• Multi-talented
Challenges:
• Improvisation, acting on emotions
• Having difficulty committing and pursuing goals to the end
• Manage risks and control your own energy
31NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
32NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
5
Pinnacle 4
(age 51 - age 59)
Pinnacle 3
(age 42 - age 50)
3
8 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 32) (age 33 - age 41)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 32)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 8
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop a secure financial foundation and lay
the groundwork for your own business in the future.
Build financial foundation
• Life offers valuable opportunities for you to leverage monetary and material
resources.
• Always be honest, work diligently, and make wise decisions to build a strong
financial foundation and achieve success in life.
Develop career opportunities
• You will have opportunities to develop professional and leadership skills, to make
positive contributions to companies or organizations, and advance to positions of
authority.
• You have time to plan, identify areas of expertise, create unique business models,
and move towards starting your own company.
34NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Rely on others: Easily dependent on others and not proactive in making decisions.
• Don't have your own identity: Unable to assert yourself and lose confidence.
• Lack leadership ability: Have difficulty leading yourself and others.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Identify and develop strengths: Your strengths can be opportunities for you to
develop and achieve great achievements in work and life.
• Maintain positive thinking: Focus on your strengths and achievements, instead of
focusing on your weaknesses or failures.
• Make your own decisions and take responsibility: Don't doubt your own abilities,
believe that you have the ability to solve any problem independently.
• Learn and build personal skills: Learn and develop the skills needed to take care
of yourself.
35NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 33 - age 41)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
36NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
37NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 42 - age 50)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 3
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to recognize the importance and continue to
develop your personal brand with high energy and stability.
Build a personal brand
• You have built a relatively complete personal brand for yourself.
• You continue to enhance your personal image to benefit your work and career.
Maintain high energy
• To leverage your creativity and create influence and inspiration for others, you
need to maintain a state of peak energy.
• If you always maintain confidence, discipline, and fighting spirit, you will achieve
success and fulfillment in this pinnacle cycle.
Express yourself comfortably
• Your creative activities are profound and experiential, easily touching people's
hearts.
• Immerse yourself in what you love to unleash your talents to new heights.
• Always be ready to seize opportunities and actively create new things for yourself.
• You need to be confident, disciplined, focused, and dedicated to what you are
doing.
38NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
39NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 51 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 5
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities for change, to experience new things,
and to lift your spirits in a positive way.
Opportunities for change and experiencing new things
• Many opportunities related to experiencing, changing, and exploring things that you
haven't dared to try before.
• Not only focusing on physical health issues, but you should also pay attention to
mental and intellectual development.
Creative potential development
• In this pinnacle cycle, you have the opportunity to unleash creativity, innovate to
change your perception and conquer new goals.
• Challenges will come to you in this pinnacle cycle, and your task is to use the
courage you have developed over the years to stick to your goals.
Success always comes with challenges
• This is the appropriate time for you to challenge yourself and introspect, graduating
from the lessons on balancing emotions with reason to avoid illusions.
• In this pinnacle cycle, you should be cautious to avoid troubles, especially legal
issues and accusations.
40NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty managing time, easily giving up or procrastinating
• Lack reality and a lot of daydreaming
• Easily get caught up in the details and miss the overall picture
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be determined to the goals: Discipline yourself with the smallest things then
gradually increase the difficulty.
• Focus on the present: Don't focus too much on the past or future, just live at
the moment, from there you will easily see what you can realistically achieve.
• Make a clear plan: You should have specific plans and goals when facing
problems that need to be solved.
41NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
42NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
43NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
44NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
45NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
46NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
47NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
48NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
50NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
51NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
52NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
53NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
54NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61NGUYEN HUYEN CHAU YOLANDA
17/09/2003
CONCLUSION
Dear Nguyen Huyen Chau Yolanda
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62