UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER - 02/03/2000M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Le Minh Trí Christopher
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20000302XU1C1U
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 3 22
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
3 7 2
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
33 1 11
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
5 - -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
6 9 9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,4,9,5
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
7,8,9 2 1,0,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
7
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
22 3
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
LIFE PATH NUMBER
7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
8 99
• Ability to analyze and think • High responsibility for work
logically
1111 2222 3333
• Good at strategy and
• Meticulous and high vision
standards
• Good intuition, good at
• Spirit of learning and self- grasping the laws of the
development universe
• Extensive knowledge • Resistant to pressure well
• High concentration ability • Speech is influential and
persuasive
Energy of Number 7
With energy number 7, you were born to become an
intelligent philosopher, a profound analyst and always
looking for faith. You always want to understand the
mysteries of life. You are very sensitive and intuitive.
Number 7 represents the world of wisdom, enlightenment
and correct faith. To achieve that, you focus on self-
development and continuous learning, looking deeply to
find the nature of things and events. The energy of number 7
is the energy of deep analysis and sharp intuition.
12LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
Your strengths
• Smart and rational before all problems of life
• Actively learn and increase knowledge
• Analyze and research carefully before drawing conclusions
• Good at contemplation and drawing valuable lessons
• Meticulous, aiming for certainty
• Like to be alone to focus on intellectual development and connect with the soul
Your weaknesses
• Be careful not to become cocky and overconfident in yourself
• Manage your emotions so avoid losing your temper
• Living in isolation from the outside world can limit your opportunities
• Learn how to communicate and cooperate with people
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Always research and analyze carefully to
come up with the best implementation plan
• Once you have developed good expertise,
you will be the one to set the vision and
development strategy for your team.
• Don't be afraid to continuously learn and
develop yourself to do the best job possible
• Perfectionist and has high standards in work
Advice
• Be more agile in making decisions
• Be a perfectionist but don't become domineering and imposing.
• Use your sharing ability to help your colleagues develop better.
• Be more proactive and positive in contributing and sharing
opinions.The working environment requires high teamwork
ability.
• Leadership model: strategy and vision
13LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Gain trust because of his erudite
intelligence
• Give advice and strategies to
others in a good way
• Promote intuition in understanding
and building relationships
Advice
You are introverted, reserved and do not actively communicate, which invisibly limits
your ability to have quality relationships. Know that you need others as much as they
need you. There are still good friends out there and sometimes you miss things when
you're too focused on judging others. Besides, don't be too skeptical, try opening your
heart to trust others.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 7
 Believe in your abilities and accept every opportunity to become someone who can
share, advise and help those around you develop both knowledge and spiritual
values.
 With number 7 energy, live with the belief that when you work well and live well,
miracles will come to your life. Living with the attitude of constantly analyzing and
doubting everything can be exhausting and draining.
 Go to nature and spend quiet time to discover your inner power. Subjects such as
meditation or yoga are especially suitable for people number 7.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 7 is expressed in laziness, low
standards, indiscipline and lack of ability to dig deeper into problems. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on planning your studies and seriously developing your
expertise. Therefore, you can confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
Career orientation
Suitable careers for The Life Path Number 7 people include scientific research,
archeology, analyst, psychoanalyst, surgeon, historian, biologist, police investigator,
scientist newspapers, psychiatrists,...With a soul oriented towards humanistic values,
you are also suitable to be a lecturer, humanitarian worker, monk,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a strategist, a lighthouse that
enlightens everyone with a big enough heart,
enough effort and a small enough ego
15LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
22
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A MASTER BUILDER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Have a high responsibility, dedication and passion
• Be disciplined and capable of executing plans effectively
• Create innovative solutions and values
• Possess networking skills and a keen intuition
• Own a groundbreaking creativity and an unique mindset
Message for you
Destiny Number 22 is a combination of Destiny Number 2 (intuition, connection) and Destiny
Number 4 (discipline, execution). Thus, you must create solutions and initiatives that are
sustainable and beneficial to the community. It is essential to continuously enrich your mind
and become an expert in a field bringing meaning to life. Moreover, you need the right faith
and a determined spirit to achieve your goals.
16LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
3
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Make time for self-care and engage in enjoyable activities
• Maintain a positive mindset and keep your spirits up
• Learn to make friends and connect with others
• Hone your public speaking and presentation abilities
• Be more determined to pursue your passions
17LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
BALANCE NUMBER 3
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Trust your ability to handle situations
flexibly
• Proactively share your perspectives,
propose solutions, and openly discuss to
find the best fit
• Manage your emotions and maintain a
positive attitude when facing challenges
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid overconfidence leading to
carelessness and disregard for
important factors
• Be susceptible to emotional imbalance
and working based on whims
• Control your words and avoid saying
things you’ll regret when angry
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require emotional management
and careful word choices.
20LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 2
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle and graceful demeanor
• Being considerate and sensitive to other people’s needs
• Benevolent spirit that enjoys supporting and reconciling
conflicts
Natural abilities
• Excellent listening, empathy and sharing skills
• Ability to connect and make a positive impression
• Keen intuition and awareness of both sides of an issue
The environment for your talent development
Low competitive Three Treasures: Good teachers Supportive and
pressure - Good friends - Good books harmonious workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONALITY NUMBER 33
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a master healer.
• People often admire your positive energy, rich imagination and agility.
• You are talkative, cheerful, and eager to share your ideas with others.
• You value appearance and know how to express yourself engagingly.
• You have immense compassion and put others’ needs before your own.
• You have a deep soul and spirit of community service.
Creativity is when intelligence free to play.
-Albert Einstein -
22LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
1 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self
• You need to continuously learn and innovate in your work.
• When working in a team, you should take the initiative to set direction and
motivate the members.
• Be more proactive in making decisions and dare to express your own
opinions.
• To maximize your potential, you should be open-minded and listen to others’
opinions.
23LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
MATURITY NUMBER
11 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Seek out good companions in both friendship and other social relationships
• Cultivate keen observation and analytical skills when solving problems
• Continuously enhance your professional expertise to contribute value and
inspire the community
• Foster leadership with firmness and empathy, and networking skills
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a powerful
inspiration to other people.”
24LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
ATTITUDE NUMBER 5
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have an optimistic and fearless spirit, always seeking out interesting things to
explore in life.
• Each day, you find newness in your work.
• You are enthusiastic about changes and strive for continuous personal
development.
• You enjoy doing things in different ways.
• You often create your own joy and make life colorful
• You often have novel ideas and perspectives.
25LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
26LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
6
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a dreamer and have a habit
of thinking about everything at once.
• You often easily ignore the overall
picture and cannot see the whole
because you focus too much on small
details.
B˜n s°n sàng ˛˝a r a những quyết (cid:29)ịnh mạo hiểm và không sợ thử thách
• You also tend to come up with
solutions in a gentle, emotional way.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall view
and clearly analyze each option
before making a choice.
• Depending on the situation, there may
be more decisive and independent
thinking and solutions.
27LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
9
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Don't be too perfectionist with yourself which definitely puts pressure on yourself
• Always aim for humanistic values and cultivate a mind toward goodness
• Create relationships with other humane people to gain additional perspectives
on how to solve problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing moral and humane roots will be your guideline
whenever you encounter difficulties and challenges.
28LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
GENERATION NUMBER 2
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 2:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 2, you need to take action
according to the general trend and there is no need to change too many things.
• You will be greatly influenced and affected by a diverse, creative, and
open environment.
• What you need to do is learn how to balance and harmonize the interests of
both parties, avoid conflicts, or create opposing trends.
• The generation is suitable for work that supports, motivates, and takes care of others.
Prominent advantages:
• Good adaptability
• Flexible connection and diplomatic capacity
• Cooperation readiness and swift adaptation
• Sensitive and delicate intuition
• Peaceful resolution priority
Challenges:
• Emotional opposition, strong emotions, and erratic changes
• Taking care of your mental health, maintaining a healthy lifestyle, and loving
yourself more
29LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 9
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You feel happy when you help someone in difficult situations and desire to do noble
volunteer work.
• You have a high aesthetic taste like delicate and artistic things.
• You are willing to give, contribute, and bring positive changes to society.
• You aim for macro-level things, always fighting for a better world.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to choose a few key
goals to focus on completing and working toward the best results.
30LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
5
Pinnacle 4
(age 48 - age 56)
Pinnacle 3
(age 39 - age 47)
9
5 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 29) (age 30 - age 38)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
31LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 29)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 5
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to immerse yourself in new and exciting life
experiences, thereby developing knowledge and enhancing your ability to adapt to
change.
Experience and learn
• Life will offer you many new experiences to broaden your life experience and
explore the world around you.
• By learning from different cultures, participating in diverse activities and events,
you open the door to knowledge and hone your creative thinking.
Embrace changes
• You will have the opportunity to learn how to adapt to changes from various
aspects such as work, family, and relationships.
• When faced with these changes, you will find ways to create balance in life.
32LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Rely on others: Easily dependent on others and not proactive in making decisions.
• Don't have your own identity: Unable to assert yourself and lose confidence.
• Lack leadership ability: Have difficulty leading yourself and others.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Identify and develop strengths: Your strengths can be opportunities for you to
develop and achieve great achievements in work and life.
• Maintain positive thinking: Focus on your strengths and achievements, instead of
focusing on your weaknesses or failures.
• Make your own decisions and take responsibility: Don't doubt your own abilities,
believe that you have the ability to solve any problem independently.
• Learn and build personal skills: Learn and develop the skills needed to take care
of yourself.
33LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 30 - age 38)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
34LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Challenge number 0 at this stage will be the time when you can apply the
experience accumulated from the previous stage to find a smarter way to
handle and choose to cope with challenges that may arise
• If you can apply and execute successfully, this phase challenge is not a big
concern for you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Act wisely and consider carefully: Every challenge at this moment comes from
your choices. So act wisely, because no challenge or many obstacles are your
choice.
• Be flexible to face all challenges: Dare to do, dare to take responsibility, don't
be afraid of failure. You will reach success during this period.
35LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 39 - age 47)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 9
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to serve the community and society through
humanitarian activities. Life also offers you opportunities to reach out and spread positive
values to the world.
Cultivate compassion
• You will be trained in noble qualities such as compassion and tolerance. You will
understand people more deeply and to some extent help them improve their lives.
• By learning to prioritize the needs of others over your own and understanding that
everything is interconnected, happiness will be in your hands.
Dedicate to humanity
• You will have opportunities to give love and genuine care to others.
• You can spend time participating in community activities and demonstrate a
sense of responsibility while spreading humanitarian values.
Enhance language skills
• This pinnacle cycle especially brings you the ability to reach out to the world.
• Improving language skills and gaining international knowledge will undoubtedly
benefit you greatly.
36LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
37LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 48 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 5
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities for change, to experience new things,
and to lift your spirits in a positive way.
Opportunities for change and experiencing new things
• Many opportunities related to experiencing, changing, and exploring things that you
haven't dared to try before.
• Not only focusing on physical health issues, but you should also pay attention to
mental and intellectual development.
Creative potential development
• In this pinnacle cycle, you have the opportunity to unleash creativity, innovate to
change your perception and conquer new goals.
• Challenges will come to you in this pinnacle cycle, and your task is to use the
courage you have developed over the years to stick to your goals.
Success always comes with challenges
• This is the appropriate time for you to challenge yourself and introspect, graduating
from the lessons on balancing emotions with reason to avoid illusions.
• In this pinnacle cycle, you should be cautious to avoid troubles, especially legal
issues and accusations.
38LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
39LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
40LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
41LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
42LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
43LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
44LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
45LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
46LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
47LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
48LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
50LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
51LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
52LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
53LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
54LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
55LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
56LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
57LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59LE MINH TRÍ CHRISTOPHER
02/03/2000
CONCLUSION
Dear Le Minh Trí Christopher
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
60