UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS - 11/05/1993M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
A letter
from the Founders
Dear El Mongy Joergensen Jonas
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19930511DS1B0H
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 2 1
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 1 2
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
9 8 3
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
7 2,8 19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,6,4,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
9,1,2 4 3,2,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
11
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
1 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
LIFE PATH NUMBER
11
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Ability to inspire • Skillful in communication
22 33
• Leadership capacity
• Special attraction
• Connection capacity
• Inner strength
• Good intuition
• Big vision
• Great diplomatic ability
• The ability to
understand people
Energy of Number 11
The combination of the energy of the two numbers "1" and
"2". These are inherently a pair of numbers that do not have
many similarities, creating the impressive and sometimes
confusing Life Path Number 11.
With number 11 energy, you have a strong moral compass
and ego, not easily shaken by external influences.
You have the excellent communication ability of number 2
along with the strong pioneering energy of number 1. Traits
that make you an endlessly enlightening and inspiring
person.
The energy of certain "masters" together makes you have
great intuition and psychic abilities.
12EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
Your strengths
• Radiate warm and loving energy
• Endless creativity
• Think positively, always be grateful
• Excited and enthusiastic in sharing knowledge
• Sensitive and has good intuition
• Great ambitions and aspirations
• Always put kindness and kindness first
• Flexibility, communication and mediation capacity
Your weaknesses
• Excessive anxiety can cause your advantages to completely disappear
• Unpredictable changes in emotions, sometimes strong and courageous,
sometimes fragile and weak.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Big ambitions and goals
• Initiate projects and promote growth in
your field of expertise
• Good thinking and the ability to share are
the keys to gaining trust
Advice
• Prepare carefully to equip yourself with confidence before
daring to accept challenges and start projects
• Decisive and persistent with goals
• Leadership role models: inspiration and positive values
13EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Have empathy and be sensitive to the
needs of others
• The judge, plays the role of mediator in
relationships
• Always maintain gratitude and sincerity
with your partner
• Can become a support for everyone
• Ability to listen and be able to give
valuable advice
Advice
You may be greatly influenced by other people's negative emotions and find it difficult
to escape. Try to relax yourself, look deep inside to resolve and find positive energy for
yourself.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 11
 With the energy of number 11, your life purpose is to enlighten and release the
magical power within each person. You instill in them a strong belief and life energy.
 Always maintain your life motto: "Do it kindly, or don't do it!"
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 11 is expressed in a dependent
lifestyle, no opinion, selfishness and reluctance to share. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you develop your communication
skills and independent thinking. Only then can you confidently walk the path of
conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path 11 include inventor, teacher, scientist,
lecturer, inspirational writer, political activist, philosopher, astronomer, psychic,
innovator, artist, abstract thinker, musician, inventor in the fields of science,
technology, electronics and telepathy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a great enlightener
and inspiration
15EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
1
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
to become a LEADER and a PIONEER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny
• Self-awareness and constant self-development
• Independent spirit and a strong sense of responsibility
• Logical thinking, perseverance and unwavering determination to pursue goals
• Courage, willingness to be different, and continuous innovation
• Ability to provide direction and lead others
Message for you
Your destiny is closely tied to the word “leadership”; however, you must first learn to “lead
yourself” by building a strong belief in your potential and continuously upgrading yourself.
You should courageously step outside the comfort zone to immerse yourself in unique
experiences that reflect your true essence. Being open to listening and sharing your ideas
with others are also very beneficial. Empathetic communication will help you inspire and
guide others to achieve their goals.
16EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
BALANCE NUMBER 2
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Desire to resolve problems peacefully,
even if it means making personal
sacrifices
• Utilize sharp intuition to make insightful
choices
• Gather diverse perspectives to find the
best solution for the majority
Things to keep in mind:
• Recognize when to be assertive to
protect yourself and avoid being
exploited
• Use reason to guide your actions,
avoiding over-dependence on emotions
• Listen selectively and have your own
perspective
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require
balancing the heart and the mind.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
20EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 2
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle and graceful demeanor
• Being considerate and sensitive to other people’s needs
• Benevolent spirit that enjoys supporting and reconciling
conflicts
Natural abilities
• Excellent listening, empathy and sharing skills
• Ability to connect and make a positive impression
• Keen intuition and awareness of both sides of an issue
The environment for your talent development
Low competitive Three Treasures: Good teachers Supportive and
pressure - Good friends - Good books harmonious workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONALITY NUMBER 9
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an educator and a humanitarian.
• You are responsible and have lofty ideals. You are willing to put others’ needs
before your own.
• People feel safe and comfortable sharing their thoughts and feelings with you.
• You radiate a beauty of intellect akin to a wise philosopher always aiming for
spiritual purity.
• You actively engage in community activities and humanitarian activities.
• Sometimes you may find it difficult to forgive others. Learning to be tolerant and
let go will lighten your heart.
Compassion is your own best weapon.
- Chinese Buddhism -
22EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
8 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• It is essential to nurture maturity and discipline within yourself.
• You should practice making quick, accurate decisions and avoid letting
emotions excessively influence your choices.
• You can set short-term and long-term goals, then assign responsibility for
each action to steadfastly pursue your objectives.
23EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
MATURITY NUMBER
3 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Focus on building your personal brand
• Nurture self-esteem and radiate positive energy to others
• Engage in networking activities and expand relationships with successful individuals
• Enhance your communication skills so that every word spoken carries influence
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Number 3 represents extroversion and connection. The more you appear
in front of the crowd, the more likely you are to succeed.”
24EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
ATTITUDE NUMBER 7
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You understand that there is an essence behind every object and phenomenon.
• You have an intuitive view and can connect various events into meaningful stories.
• You observe with intelligence and always seek answers to life’s questions.
• You are perceptive, easily recognizing differences and not missing any details in any
matter.
• You cherish every experience in life for personal development.
25EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
26EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
27EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
28EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
7
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are careful and profound in your
thinking.
• You always analyze very carefully and
gather complete information from many
sources before making any decisions.
• Objectivity and authenticity are your
priorities.
Suggestions for you:
• Depending on the situation, there
may be a more open and agile way
of thinking and solutions, especially
when you are in a leadership role.
• You can practice mental exercises
such as meditation, yoga, etc., to
stimulate your potential.
29EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
31EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
32EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
9
Pinnacle 4
(age 53 - age 61)
Pinnacle 3
(age 44 - age 52)
4
7 6
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 34) (age 35 - age 43)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 34)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 7
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to cultivate your potential, develop intuition, and
practice a spiritual discipline. These are important assets for your future.
Improve yourself
• This is a precious time to explore and hone your latent abilities, aiming to become
the best version of yourself.
• These could be opportunities to build new skills: from learning a new language, soft
skills to professional skills, helping you enhance your abilities and working capacity.
Pursue spiritual growth
• This is an appropriate stage for you to study and understand the metaphysical
world and alternative methods.
• Just by seizing development opportunities, trusting intuition, and starting to
practice a spiritual discipline, you will have the ability to achieve happiness and
success.
34EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-expression shortage: At this time, you want to show off your talent but don't
stand out enough to get noticed
• Limited communication skills: It is possible that during this period, you will encounter
difficulties in communicating and connecting through words with others.
• Difficulty in deep concentration: During this period, you will have many aspects that
require deep focus to achieve effectiveness, however, with high energy in
movement, you may easily find it difficult and want to give up halfway.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Adapt and learn from mistakes: It’s not easy to express yourself, but by accepting
your mistakes and learning from them, you will become more confident and mature.
• Learn to listen: The ability to listen helps you better understand other people's
opinions and feelings, thereby building trust and creating good relationships.
• Learn to express your thoughts explicitly and confidently: Knowing how to
communicate messages in a comprehensible and concise way helps you create
clarity and avoid unnecessary misinterpretation.
• Apply concentration techniques: Learning to use concentration techniques like
breaking your work into smaller chunks (working for short periods and taking breaks
in between) will help you maintain effective focus.
35EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 35 - age 43)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 6
This marks an important transition from youthful independence to taking responsibility for
both family and work. During this period, you often encounter many opportunities related to
family and personal responsibilities.
Prioritize family time
• You have the opportunity to build a happy family, create a cozy space for children,
and support each other in all aspects.
• The role of being a parent provides opportunities to develop time and resource
management skills, making you more confident in building a good educational
foundation for the next generation.
Balance between work and personal life
• You need to proactively manage your time effectively, creating a positive working
environment while maintaining stability in the family.
• This helps you avoid stress, have time to love yourself, and spread love to others.
Service and share love
• You can choose to participate in social activities, from volunteering to community
projects, contributing to the positive development of society and enjoying the
meaningfulness of life.
36EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Imbalanced relationships and balance your needs with the needs of your family,
friends, or others.
• Fear of rejection and vulnerability which can prevent you from improving yourself
and forming deeper connections.
• There were a lot of conflicts and loss of communication between relationships.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Develop communication skills and empathy to better understand other people's
perspectives and feelings.
• Develop a conflict resolution strategy: Learn constructive conflict resolution
strategies, such as active listening and assertive feelings expression to resolve
relationship problems.
• Seek support from people you trust to overcome challenges and enhance your
perspective with diverse perspectives.
37EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 44 - age 52)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 4
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to build a strong mindset, acquire knowledge,
and further, share your expertise with others.
Build a resilient mindset
• Life offers you opportunities to strengthen and create stability for the future.
• "Slow and steady wins the race" - Perseverance, diligence, and giving your all will
help you achieve happiness and prosperity.
Strengthen your discipline
• You need to seize opportunities to maintain discipline, detail, and package
processes.
• Always track the set goals and pursue success relentlessly.
• Use critical thinking and strategic skills to develop step-by-step plans.
Delve into expertise
• You need to position yourself as an expert in a specific field, then use that expertise
to train and replicate people like yourself.
• Investing in and research will be the most valuable long-term investments.
38EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
39EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 53 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 9
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to carry out community-oriented
projects, spreading inspiration widely. The important thing to do is to maintain an open
mind, seek new opportunities for connection, and continue to develop.
Spread human values and inspiration
• You have many opportunities to become a leader, spreading these values
to the lives of those around you
• You can establish volunteer communities, charitable funds to realize your
ideals of helping others.
Outreach international opportunities
• With the experience, knowledge, and personal network accumulated over time, you
can leverage them to promote international development.
• Learn a new language to further strengthen your development.
Serve community
• Service is a noble expression of maturity and life experience.
• Not only do you contribute to society, but you also nurture your family by
caring for and supporting future generations; Spend time and effort to share
knowledge to help them grow and succeed in life.
40EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
41EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
42EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
43EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
44EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
45EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
46EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
47EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
48EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
51EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
52EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
53EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
54EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61EL MONGY JOERGENSEN JONAS
11/05/1993
CONCLUSION
Dear El Mongy Joergensen Jonas
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62