UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYEN THI DIEM LY - 12/12/1984M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Nguyen Thi Diem Ly
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19841212EO9C1K
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 5 11
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 11 3
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
9 7 3
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
6 1,6 -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
4 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,7,4,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
8,9,1 4 0,1,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
1
LIFE PATH
11
SOUL URGE
11 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
LIFE PATH NUMBER
1
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
2 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
7 8 9
Keywords
11 22 33
• Self-reliance and • Inborn leadership
independence capabilities
• Ability to pioneer and • Highly targeted spirit
create unique values
• Intelligent, vivacious
• Forcefulness and
• Ability to withstand
assertiveness
pressure
• Leadership spirit
• Desire to prove oneself
Energy of Number 1
With number 1 energy, you are very good at overcoming
barriers and finding solutions to problems. This advantage
represents strength both physical and mental, often
combined with great determination and leadership ability.
You have the ability to set goals and follow through. You
will never give up, even if life brings you many difficulties
and challenges.
12NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
Your strengths
• Leadership ability, not dependent on others
• Resilient, not giving in to difficulties
• Ability to find solutions to problems
• Determination and leadership ability
• Ability to pursue goals
• Creative, rich in ideas and new solutions
Your weaknesses
• Can be too confident in oneself to the point of being arrogance
• Work ineffectively when overly dependent on others.
• When expectations are not met, it is easy to become selfish, aggressive and
suspicious
• Disregard about the feelings of those around you
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Pioneering and leading in groundbreaking
ideas
• Have clear goals and be determined to
achieve them
• There is a lot of inspiration when doing
management, leadership and decision-
making work
Advice
• Listen and respect
• Maintain the spirit of going forward and fighting hard
• Maintain gratitude and constantly reflect on yourself
• Drastic leadership but need to listen and respect others
13NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Can be a supporter and guider for
others
• Appreciate those who are
proactive and agile
• Don't be too influenced by
attitudes of people around you
• Talk straight to the point, no
beating around the bush
Advice
In many cases, authoritarianism and conservatism can cause relationships to suffer.
Therefore, you can practice listening and respecting other people's worldviews.
Learning how to say sorry and thank you at the right time will also help you maintain
good relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 1
 Always think big, because your path is one of greatness. You will never feel satisfied
until you become a leader in your chosen field.
 Listen to the call of greatness from deep within your soul and follow what it tells you.
Pursue a great life – that is your inherent radiance.
 A typical number 1 person always wants to assert himself, yearns for achievement
and respect from those around you.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 1 is expressed in laziness,
indecisiveness, lack of confidence and dependence on others. If you find yourself in this
situation, you need to drastically change yourself because if you want to be successful,
you have to put in a hundred times of effort. Dependence or laziness can make you lose
energy and become frustrated.
14NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
Career orientation
Suitable jobs are jobs where you can master the game and hold leadership roles such as
department heads, directors, managers, foremen, contractors, operators, and
freelancers. Or you don't necessarily have to become a businessman or business leader.
You can choose any job that gives you independence, autonomy, and develops your
intelligence and creative abilities such as a store owner, lawyer, writer, freelancer.
GRADUATION LESSON
Learning how to be a leader of yourself and others
15NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
11
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A MASTER TRAINER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• A broad and visionary outlook
• Exceptional diplomatic and understanding skills
• Excellent inspiring skills and charismatic presence
• Leadership with firmness and empathy
• Keen intuition and good psychic abilities
Message for you
Destiny Number 11 is a combination of Destiny Number 1 (leadership, pioneering) and
Destiny Number 2 (intuition, connection). Thus, you must graduate from the lessons of firm
leadership and compassionate connection. You should learn first to lead yourself and then
to help others become leaders. You need to create a community where everyone is loved,
listened to and understood. Many people will come to you for guidance. You must position
yourself as clearly as possible so that at the mention of your name, the image of a leader
will be invoked in people.
16NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
11 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul craves to inspire and connect with others.
• You aspire to become a leader, bringing
outstanding values.
• You desire autonomy and recognition in your
community.
• You want to provide advice and solutions for others.
• You are willing to selflessly dedicate yourself and
create humanistic values in life.
Favorite workplaces
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear paths
for managerial advancement
• Cultivate community awareness and service spirit
• Encourage continuous creativity and innovation
Suitable relationships
• Have a strong empathy and connection
• Share a common belief system and grow together
• Foster independence and collectively pursue
community values
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
BALANCE NUMBER 5
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Maintain an optimistic perspective and
balance emotions in all situations
• Prefer the freedom to decide your life,
aspiring to create unique and
memorable experiences
• Sometimes prioritize alternative
approaches to relieve mental pressure
before resolving problems
Things to keep in mind:
• Approach problems objectively, avoiding
imposing your own thoughts on others
• Avoid selfish thinking and taking
reckless actions
• Choose healthy stress-relieving
methods, steering clear of substance
abuse and procrastination in problem-
solving
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require cultivating your discipline and
focus instead of wasting excessive time on entertainment.
20NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 3
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Friendly, talkative and sociable
• Intelligent, energetic and humorous
• Tactful, enthusiastic and optimistic
Natural abilities
• Excellent persuasion and oratory skills
• Rich imagination and outstanding artistic ability
• Ability to inspire, influence and attract others
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Communication Art,
self-expression creativity performance
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONALITY NUMBER 9
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an educator and a humanitarian.
• You are responsible and have lofty ideals. You are willing to put others’ needs
before your own.
• People feel safe and comfortable sharing their thoughts and feelings with you.
• You radiate a beauty of intellect akin to a wise philosopher always aiming for
spiritual purity.
• You actively engage in community activities and humanitarian activities.
• Sometimes you may find it difficult to forgive others. Learning to be tolerant and
let go will lighten your heart.
Compassion is your own best weapon.
- Chinese Buddhism -
22NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
7 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• Continuously expanding your knowledge will boost your confidence and
facilitate holistic personal development.
• Enhance your concentration to improve work efficiency and reap greater
rewards.
• You should create spaces for yourself or find tranquil places where you can
easily delve into introspection and contemplation.
23NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
MATURITY NUMBER
3 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Focus on building your personal brand
• Nurture self-esteem and radiate positive energy to others
• Engage in networking activities and expand relationships with successful individuals
• Enhance your communication skills so that every word spoken carries influence
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Number 3 represents extroversion and connection. The more you appear
in front of the crowd, the more likely you are to succeed.”
24NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
ATTITUDE NUMBER 6
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You recognize that nothing is more important than family, friends and loved ones.
• You are an affectionate person who always cares for people.
• You often focus on details rather than the big picture.
• You are perfectionistic with high aesthetic sense and high standards for many
things.
• Your perspective is sometimes heavily influenced by others' viewpoints. You need to
cultivate critical thinking and develop your own opinions.
25NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence and responsibility for your own life
• Courage and willingness to seize new opportunities
• Rationality, determination and high stress resistance
• Decisiveness and clear goals
• Self-leadership and leadership of others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Develop self-confidence, independence, self-awareness and decision-making abilities
• Find a reliable mentor to improve leadership skills and self-leadership.
• Step outside your comfort zone, take control of your life, and instill self-discipline.
• Cultivate positive energy and manage your emotions, actions.
• Embrace your personality and dare to follow your own choices, even without
unanimous support.
26NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
27NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
28NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a person with a practical way
of thinking and logical analysis ability.
• You also have a disciplined and
prudent way of thinking.
• You tend to maintain your reason,
stabilize your emotions, and stay calm
in the face of all problems.
Suggestions for you:
• Depending on the situation, there
may be more open and agile thinking
and solutions.
• Try to relax, and allow yourself to
experience new things so that your
emotions can be expressed freely.
29NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
31NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
32NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
7
Pinnacle 4
(age 54 - age 62)
Pinnacle 3
(age 45 - age 53)
4
6 7
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 35) (age 36 - age 44)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 35)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 6
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture close relationships with family and learn
how to love and support others.
Build connections with family
• You have many valuable opportunities to build intimate relationships and find
happiness in connection with loved ones.
• This is an appropriate time to commit to important decisions such as marriage,
having children, and caring for family.
Serve the community
• You can support family in times of difficulty, help friends overcome life challenges,
or participate in volunteer activities.
• Serving others is a noble and meaningful action, helping you cultivate compassion
and sharing love with those around you.
34NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 means you are unlikely to encounter significant difficulties
or obstacles during this stage.
• But you may still face potential challenges or unforeseen risks in life.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Take advantage of every opportunity: You need to take advantage of the
opportunity to learn, practice skills, build a solid foundation for the future, and
explore your potential to the fullest. Constantly expand your horizons and seek
knowledge from different learning sources to shape creative and multi-dimensional
thinking.
• Accept the challenge: Accepting challenges is an opportunity for you to overcome
your limits and become stronger. Face difficulties, don't run away or give up, but
cope with them courageously so your life becomes more worthy and meaningful.
35NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 36 - age 44)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 7
This is the golden time for you to focus more on professional research, continuous self-
development, and purposeful growth. This process also promotes deep insights into the
laws of the universe and connection with your inner self.
Upgrade wisdom and personal development
• Building skills, expanding knowledge, and shaping core values and lay foundation for
personal development.
• Continuously learning and expanding understanding through investing in updating
knowledge, reading books, participating in courses, or connecting with people with
high expertise.
Take time to contemplate and connect with your inner self
• Understanding yourself is the key to a meaningful life. Ask questions about values,
goals, and the meaning of life to drive righteous actions.
Study the laws of the universe
• At this stage, you have contemplate and realized many practical life experiences.
Practicing to understand the laws of the universe such as the Law of Karma, Law of
Attraction, etc., brings many benefits, helping you change your mindset and actions.
36NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The goal has not been large enough to pursue
• Not decisive and determined to carry out your plan
• The idea of relying on and depending on others due to a lack of confidence in one's
abilities or having a high ego when listening to the opinions of others
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Discover and reflect on yourself: Engage in a reflective process to understand your
own values, strengths, and passions. This exploration can help you build a strong
sense of personal identity and purpose.
• Cultivate a progressive mindset: Regarding challenges as opportunities to learn
and improve yourself, and consider failure as a stepping stone to success.
• Seek out a mentor or guidance: Learn from people with experience and the ability
to teach valuable knowledge about leadership and create pioneering values.
• Step out of the comfort zone: Gradually step out of your comfort zone and
proactively accept anticipated risks to build confidence and assertiveness.
37NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 45 - age 53)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 4
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to build a strong mindset, acquire knowledge,
and further, share your expertise with others.
Build a resilient mindset
• Life offers you opportunities to strengthen and create stability for the future.
• "Slow and steady wins the race" - Perseverance, diligence, and giving your all will
help you achieve happiness and prosperity.
Strengthen your discipline
• You need to seize opportunities to maintain discipline, detail, and package
processes.
• Always track the set goals and pursue success relentlessly.
• Use critical thinking and strategic skills to develop step-by-step plans.
Delve into expertise
• You need to position yourself as an expert in a specific field, then use that expertise
to train and replicate people like yourself.
• Investing in and research will be the most valuable long-term investments.
38NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
39NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 54 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 7
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to delve deeper into the laws of the
universe as well as connect with your inner self; continue to study and develop yourself.
Develop yourself continuously
• The energy of Pinnacle Number 7 is synonymous with the need for continuous
learning and research.
• Knowledge will help you become a visionary, trusted by others, and sought after for
advice.
Focus on researching and developing an aspect
• This time is ideal for you to choose focusing on a particular field; delve into research
and gather core values, seizing opportunities with pre-established visions and
strategies.
• Moreover, having a broad vision in a field can bring many opportunities for you to
create lasting values for society.
Connect with the inner self, explore aspects related to the inner world
• This pinnacle cycle will contribute to unlocking potential to help you connect
with the inner self.
• This is the time to explore the inner self and find answers to questions that have
puzzled you for a long time, perhaps even for decades.
40NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
41NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
42NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
44NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
45NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
46NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
47NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
48NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
49NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
51NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
52NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
53NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
54NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61NGUYEN THI DIEM LY
12/12/1984
CONCLUSION
Dear Nguyen Thi Diem Ly
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62