UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
PHAM V WILLIAM - 20/09/1993M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Pham V William
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19930920ZU6E8F
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
33 7 4
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
2 2 2
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
11 0 1
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
2 2,6 13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 7 4
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,6,8,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
4,5,6 4 7,2,5,5
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
33
LIFE PATH
2
SOUL URGE
4 2
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
LIFE PATH NUMBER
33
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Ability to tolerance • Creativity
11 22
• Concern for those • Artistic sensibility
less fortunate
• Elegance and charms
• Ability to take care
• Warmth
of others
• Kindness
Energy of Number 33
The combination of the energies of the numbers “3” and
“6” symbolizes harmony and balance of power. You are
the one who rebuilds from the ruins and is the glue that
connects broken hearts and unhappy lives.
You can communicate deeply and effectively with others
to lead and help them. You have your own goals in life
and are often not concerned with power.
You contribute wholeheartedly to society without needing
fame, because you value the meaning of that action more
than the approval of others. You know how to comfort
people who are suffering in life.
The energy of certain "masters" together makes you have
great intuition and psychic abilities.
12PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
Your strengths
• Be willing to sacrifice your own needs to help others
• Generous and willing to give
• Both creative and logical thinking
• Artistic talent and inclination
• Loving unconditionally
• Rich in compassion
Your weaknesses
• Have a clear life purpose for yourself, avoid getting lost in the flow of life
• Mistakes do not mean you are not good enough. Learn to forgive and heal
yourself
• Evaluate everything objectively, avoid being self-righteous
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Pursue work that has humanitarian values
• Ability to communicate and work
effectively in groups
• Analytical thinking helps you dig deeper
into problems and come up with effective
solutions
• Creativity helps you contribute good ideas
Advice
• Avoid being greedy, doing many things at the same time,
focus on the things you can do best first
• Need to cultivate and accumulate knowledge and real
combat experience to develop.
• Be loyal to the goals you set, maintain focus.
• Dedicated leader, focused on healing and spreading love
13PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Mental support
• Ability to heal other people's injuries
• The ability to listen and empathize
deeply
• Generous, loving and helping people
Advice
In some situations, you may tend to judge
those who do not share your views. Try to
be understanding and focus on yourself.
When you yourself are good enough,
others will automatically recognize your
point of view.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 33
With the energy of number 33, your purpose in life is to help people heal the wounds in
their souls and live a life filled with love.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 33 is expressed in a negative
lifestyle, selfishness and lack of communication ability. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you be around optimistic people,
with loving hearts and enthusiasm to learn and develop yourself. Only then, you can
confidently walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
Career orientation
Ideal occupations for people with The Life Path Number of 33 are preschool or
elementary school teachers, housewives, doctors, career, marriage and family
counselors, volunteers, and social workers. association and community
association, scout instructor, interior decorator, hostess, artist, government
specialist, craftsman, instructor, musician, singer, waitress, restaurant manager ,
coffee.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a healer and
bring love to the world
15PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
4
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN EXPERT IN A CERTAIN FIELD
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Proficiency in expertise and constant knowledge pursuit
• Logical, specific and practical thinking
• Discipline and principle and well-thought-out skills
• Diligence, meticulousness in work and daily life
• High responsibility and a reliable support
Message for you
Destiny Number 4 indicates that you always crave to explore and delve deeply into the
marvelous knowledge of life. This drives you to continuously develop yourself, aiming to
create breakthroughs in your life. You will not stop until you become the best version of
yourself in the field you want to conquer. However, you should be open-minded and listen
to others’ opinions. This will help you broaden your perspective, acquire new knowledge,
and become more flexible.
16PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
2
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be willing to help others while setting healthy boundaries
• Value your own time and learn to prioritize
• Learn to handle problems peacefully and avoid conflict
• Develop your communication, listening and networking skills
17PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
2
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul craves love and to be loved
• You appreciate gentleness, romance and affection.
• You desire to be understood and connect with
others.
• You have the ability to listen and advise others
empathetically.
• You are drawn to the beauty and serenity of nature.
Favorite workplaces
• Minimize pressure and competition
• Foster teamwork and collaboration
• Create a sense of safety and comfort
Suitable relationship
• Have harmony and emotional support
• Build on mutual care, empathy and companionship
• Connect with responsible, sincere and faithful
individuals
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG 18PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
BALANCE NUMBER 7
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Spend time observing and analyzing
issues cautiously
• Prefer to personally contemplate and
make decisions
• Be apprehensive about complications and
favor low-risk approaches to problem-
solving
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid focusing excessively on risks
before action
• Actively participate in interactive
activities and teamwork
• Set realistic expectations for yourself
instead of self-imposed pressure
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, open your heart and be tolerant
towards yourself and everything around you.
20PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 2
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle and graceful demeanor
• Being considerate and sensitive to other people’s needs
• Benevolent spirit that enjoys supporting and reconciling
conflicts
Natural abilities
• Excellent listening, empathy and sharing skills
• Ability to connect and make a positive impression
• Keen intuition and awareness of both sides of an issue
The environment for your talent development
Low competitive Three Treasures: Good teachers Supportive and
pressure - Good friends - Good books harmonious workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONALITY NUMBER 11
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a master trainer
• You possess sharp intuition and deep emotions that few have.
• You have an excellent ability to inspire and motivate others.
• You always strive to develop yourself, explore your inner self, and share values
with others.
• You are patient and an empathetic listener.
• Sometimes you are conflicted in your thoughts and actions, being decisive at
times and hesitant at others. You need to be calm and find a balance between
thoughts and actions.
The secret to moving forward is getting started.
- Mark Twain -
22PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
MATURITY NUMBER
1
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Stay committed to your goals to reach new heights
• Expand your innovative knowledge to demonstrate your capabilities
• Develop leadership skills based on both results and empathy
• Be more open to new opinions to broaden connections with others
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Walk your own path; there will be hardships and challenges, but
sweet rewards will come after persistent efforts.’’
23PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
ATTITUDE NUMBER 2
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are very amiable and gentle with people.
• You see life through a romantic and affectionate lens.
• You perceive things in a multifaceted, objective and impartial manner.
• You tend to be sensitive, vulnerable, and easily influenced by people’s words. It is
very essential to nurture your self-worth and establish healthy boundaries.
• Due to preference for safety and fear of risks, you often hesitate and make
decisions slowly in challenging situations. Embracing openness, and balancing your
heart and mind will greatly benefit you.
24PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
25PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
26PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a comprehensive mindset
and a broad vision.
• You tend to proactively consider
carefully before making decisions.
• Sometimes you become a meddler
B˜n thích s° th˛ng th˝n, chính tr°c , và s° bám ˙uˆi mˇc tiêu
because of thinking for others.
Suggestions for you:
• Incorporate more realistic thinking
and avoid idealization before
making decisions.
• Don't feed others, just teach them
how to fish so they don't rely too
much on you.
27PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
28PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
29PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 4
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer safety, stability, and certainty in all things even if they are big or small.
• You are proactive in every situation, feel secure when everything is scheduled, and
follow the plan in a stable manner.
• You are highly disciplined and want to work in an environment with processes and
frameworks.
• You like practical, detailed things and keep persistent with your goals.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to proactively seek
opportunities for personal development, and dare to step out of your
comfort zone to experience many new things in life.
30PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
4
Pinnacle 4
(age 49 - age 57)
Pinnacle 3
(age 40 - age 48)
8
2 6
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 30) (age 31 - age 39)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
31PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 30)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 2
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to build sincere relationships and learn how to
maintain a balance between work and physical - mental health.
Building quality relationships
• You should spend ample time understanding and bonding with your family.
• Open up and cultivate valuable friendships.
• You have many opportunities to expand your social network within your passionate field.
Enhancing intuition
• You will become more sensitive to the environment and the emotions of those
around you.
• You are encouraged to spend time researching metaphysics, psychology, or any
field related to helping others.
Balance between work and life
• You will have time to relax and relieve stress to enhance your mental health and be
ready to face new challenges.
• You can take advantage of modern technology to work efficiently and save time,
thus enjoying life more.
32PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
Challenge Number 7
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Faith loss: Show skeptical expression about things around you because you can not
find the origin of belief and reason to believe.
• Lack of connection with yourself: Have difficulty understanding your own inner self.
• Difficulty in learning and self-development: The reason may be the knowledge
immensity or disorientation
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Determine goals and direction: During this growth process, you are on your way to
finding direction in life. Therefore, you need to clearly define your goals so you don't get
lost and confused.
• Dare to try, dare to be wrong: This includes learning from experience, embracing
challenges and mistakes, developing skills and competencies, and expanding
knowledge in important areas of life.
• Accept personal development as a continuous process: Success in personal
development must come with self-acceptance. This requires self-love, self-
acceptance, and listening to your inner voice.
33PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 31 - age 39)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 6
This marks an important transition from youthful independence to taking responsibility for
both family and work. During this period, you often encounter many opportunities related to
family and personal responsibilities.
Prioritize family time
• You have the opportunity to build a happy family, create a cozy space for children,
and support each other in all aspects.
• The role of being a parent provides opportunities to develop time and resource
management skills, making you more confident in building a good educational
foundation for the next generation.
Balance between work and personal life
• You need to proactively manage your time effectively, creating a positive working
environment while maintaining stability in the family.
• This helps you avoid stress, have time to love yourself, and spread love to others.
Service and share love
• You can choose to participate in social activities, from volunteering to community
projects, contributing to the positive development of society and enjoying the
meaningfulness of life.
34PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Imbalanced relationships and balance your needs with the needs of your family,
friends, or others.
• Fear of rejection and vulnerability which can prevent you from improving yourself
and forming deeper connections.
• There were a lot of conflicts and loss of communication between relationships.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Develop communication skills and empathy to better understand other people's
perspectives and feelings.
• Develop a conflict resolution strategy: Learn constructive conflict resolution
strategies, such as active listening and assertive feelings expression to resolve
relationship problems.
• Seek support from people you trust to overcome challenges and enhance your
perspective with diverse perspectives.
35PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 40 - age 48)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 8
This is the pinnacle cycle where you have many opportunities to execute potential projects
or expand your business. Life rewards your diligence and perseverance over time.
Manifest wealth
• You will have opportunities to leverage financial and material resources.
• You may be considered for promotion in your career or even entrepreneurship.
• Pay attention to your self-image, maintain a positive attitude, and build healthy
relationships with money.
Advance in career
• The universe will provide you with many business opportunities.
• You may reap the rewards of your continuous efforts and dedication.
• You will also find answers to your life's biggest goals if you haven't found them yet.
Have feasible goals
• If you have plans to implement new projects, you should take action immediately.
• This is the time to apply the business models you've thoroughly researched into
practice.
• There are positive signs both in material and spiritual aspects.
36PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-indulgent tendency and not focus on self-development
• Focus loss while working
• Lack of control leads to falling into temporary pleasures
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Stay free within a framework: Build rules and boundaries to regulate yourself.
• Prioritize important things: Instead of taking on or trying too many aspects, focus
on one thing and be determined to see it through to the end.
• Practice gratitude: Learn to appreciate everything you have, control yourself
better, and stop wasting time on temporary pleasures.
37PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 49 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 4
In this pinnacle cycle, life will provide you with opportunities to cultivate discipline,
diligently train your body, mind, and spirit to continue moving forward.
Become a professional expert in a field
• You use your accumulated knowledge to train thousands of people,
• leading them to happier lives.
• Achieving personal success and creating meaningful value for the community.
Learn the lessons of life discipline
• Discipline contributes to increasing work efficiency, managing time better, building
healthy living habits, boosting confidence, and sharpening the mind.
• You also need to let those around you know the importance of discipline so that you
can give more value.
Make a Detailed planning for every effort
• This pinnacle cycle is suitable for slowing down and making solid plans.
• You have the opportunity to calmly sit down to ponder, rearrange priorities for tasks
that need to be done.
38PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Be resentful, anxious and have negative emotions
• Become reserved and less interested in new things
• Lack serious commitment , tending to neglect responsibilities
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Control your emotions: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and family, or join
a support group to enhance positive energy, helping you overcome negative
emotions.
• Learn to say “No": Learn to refuse inappropriate things to focus on your core goal.
• Commit to execute: Learn about the importance of keeping promises.
39PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
40PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
41PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
42PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
43PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
44PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
45PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
46PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
47PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
49PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
50PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
51PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
52PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
53PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
54PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
55PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
56PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
57PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59PHAM V WILLIAM
20/09/1993
CONCLUSION
Dear Pham V William
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
60