UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN - 27/09/2023M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Nguyễn Ngọc Bảo Uyên
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20230927GN2W7R
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 6 1
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
6 11 9
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
8 6 8
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
9 4,8,9 19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 6 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
7,8,9,1,2 4,5,6,7,8 9,7,7,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
2,3,4 7 0,2,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
7
LIFE PATH
11
SOUL URGE
1 6
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
LIFE PATH NUMBER
7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
8 99
• Ability to analyze and think • High responsibility for work
logically
1111 2222 3333
• Good at strategy and
• Meticulous and high vision
standards
• Good intuition, good at
• Spirit of learning and self- grasping the laws of the
development universe
• Extensive knowledge • Resistant to pressure well
• High concentration ability • Speech is influential and
persuasive
Energy of Number 7
With energy number 7, you were born to become an
intelligent philosopher, a profound analyst and always
looking for faith. You always want to understand the
mysteries of life. You are very sensitive and intuitive.
Number 7 represents the world of wisdom, enlightenment
and correct faith. To achieve that, you focus on self-
development and continuous learning, looking deeply to
find the nature of things and events. The energy of number 7
is the energy of deep analysis and sharp intuition.
12NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
Your strengths
• Smart and rational before all problems of life
• Actively learn and increase knowledge
• Analyze and research carefully before drawing conclusions
• Good at contemplation and drawing valuable lessons
• Meticulous, aiming for certainty
• Like to be alone to focus on intellectual development and connect with the soul
Your weaknesses
• Be careful not to become cocky and overconfident in yourself
• Manage your emotions so avoid losing your temper
• Living in isolation from the outside world can limit your opportunities
• Learn how to communicate and cooperate with people
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Always research and analyze carefully to
come up with the best implementation plan
• Once you have developed good expertise,
you will be the one to set the vision and
development strategy for your team.
• Don't be afraid to continuously learn and
develop yourself to do the best job possible
• Perfectionist and has high standards in work
Advice
• Be more agile in making decisions
• Be a perfectionist but don't become domineering and imposing.
• Use your sharing ability to help your colleagues develop better.
• Be more proactive and positive in contributing and sharing
opinions.The working environment requires high teamwork
ability.
• Leadership model: strategy and vision
13NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Gain trust because of his erudite
intelligence
• Give advice and strategies to
others in a good way
• Promote intuition in understanding
and building relationships
Advice
You are introverted, reserved and do not actively communicate, which invisibly limits
your ability to have quality relationships. Know that you need others as much as they
need you. There are still good friends out there and sometimes you miss things when
you're too focused on judging others. Besides, don't be too skeptical, try opening your
heart to trust others.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 7
 Believe in your abilities and accept every opportunity to become someone who can
share, advise and help those around you develop both knowledge and spiritual
values.
 With number 7 energy, live with the belief that when you work well and live well,
miracles will come to your life. Living with the attitude of constantly analyzing and
doubting everything can be exhausting and draining.
 Go to nature and spend quiet time to discover your inner power. Subjects such as
meditation or yoga are especially suitable for people number 7.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 7 is expressed in laziness, low
standards, indiscipline and lack of ability to dig deeper into problems. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on planning your studies and seriously developing your
expertise. Therefore, you can confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
Career orientation
Suitable careers for The Life Path Number 7 people include scientific research,
archeology, analyst, psychoanalyst, surgeon, historian, biologist, police investigator,
scientist newspapers, psychiatrists,...With a soul oriented towards humanistic values,
you are also suitable to be a lecturer, humanitarian worker, monk,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a strategist, a lighthouse that
enlightens everyone with a big enough heart,
enough effort and a small enough ego
15NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
1
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
to become a LEADER and a PIONEER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny
• Self-awareness and constant self-development
• Independent spirit and a strong sense of responsibility
• Logical thinking, perseverance and unwavering determination to pursue goals
• Courage, willingness to be different, and continuous innovation
• Ability to provide direction and lead others
Message for you
Your destiny is closely tied to the word “leadership”; however, you must first learn to “lead
yourself” by building a strong belief in your potential and continuously upgrading yourself.
You should courageously step outside the comfort zone to immerse yourself in unique
experiences that reflect your true essence. Being open to listening and sharing your ideas
with others are also very beneficial. Empathetic communication will help you inspire and
guide others to achieve their goals.
16NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
6
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Spread your love and compassion to others
• Participate more in community activities
• Balance your work and family life
• Cultivate unconditional love with wisdom
17NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
11 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul craves to inspire and connect with others.
• You aspire to become a leader, bringing
outstanding values.
• You desire autonomy and recognition in your
community.
• You want to provide advice and solutions for others.
• You are willing to selflessly dedicate yourself and
create humanistic values in life.
Favorite workplaces
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear paths
for managerial advancement
• Cultivate community awareness and service spirit
• Encourage continuous creativity and innovation
Suitable relationships
• Have a strong empathy and connection
• Share a common belief system and grow together
• Foster independence and collectively pursue
community values
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
BALANCE NUMBER 6
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Handle situations gently and easily
forgive others
• Respect everyone's feelings and
opinions, especially your family
• Seek advice from trustworthy people
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid taking on too many tasks due to
your complaisance
• Stop being influenced excessively by
other people’s opinions
• Develop the ability to make your own
judgments and decisions
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require your rationality and calmness in
every situation instead of letting emotions dictate your actions.
20NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 9
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Mature, courageous and highly responsible
• Empathetic, appreciative of humanity and compassion
• Generous, passionate and inclined to help others
Natural abilities
• Patient, dedication and willingness to shoulder
responsibilities
• Strong spiritual leadership and soul-soothing abilities
• Far-sighted vision, oriented towards community benefits
The environment for your talent development
Education, training, Health, therapy, Humanitarian and
religion, politics healing volunteerism
CChhặặnngg 11
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONALITY NUMBER 8
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a business executive
• You are independent and very confident in your own abilities.
• People are highly impressed by your excellent negotiating skills and business
acumen.
• Due to your high vigilance, people can not easily take advantage of you.
• You are a great relationship builder who can drive team performance towards
shared success.
• You are respected for your discipline, integrity and decisiveness.
The greatest glory in life is not in never failing, but in getting up every
time you fail.
- Nelson Mandela -
22NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
6 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To avoid appearing naive, refrain from sharing too much about your personal
plans with others
• Learn to listen and absorb information selectively
• Focus on your loved ones and build sustainable relationships
23NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
MATURITY NUMBER
8
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential business skills such as communication, negotiation and
decision-making
• Equip yourself with solid financial and business knowledge to mitigate potential
risks when investing or running a business
• Build high-quality and potential relationships
• Empower others to transform themselves and build better lives
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a business
executive or investor.”
24NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
ATTITUDE NUMBER 9
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You approach situations with a positive, kind and tolerant attitude.
• You care more about the community and humanity than personal gain.
• You willingly shoulder more responsibilities and happily undertake others' tasks.
• You always value humanitarian values.
• You live with gratitude and appreciate life experiences.
25NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
27NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
28NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
29NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
11
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a highly creative and interesting
thinker.
• Sharp intuitive thinking and deep
emotions are your outstanding
characteristics.
• You tend to have contradictory thinking:
Bạn chủ (cid:20)ộng tạo thiện cảm và quan tâm tới từng chi tiết nhỏ
sometimes strong and decisive;
sometimes hesitant and wavering.
Suggestions for you:
• Elevate yourself through developing
your thinking, become an
outstanding and inspirational leader.
• Balance between two streams of
thinking, learn to listen selectively,
and stay consistent in carrying out
your choices.
30NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
31NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
GENERATION NUMBER 7
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 7:
• When you own the Energy of Generation Number 7, you stand out with your
uniqueness, personality, intelligence, and a bit of rebellion.
• You are easily attracted to spiritual elements, cosmic laws or related to
human awareness.
• What you need to do is constantly develop and improve yourself;
Discover more about the laws of the universe to connect with your ego,
thereby promoting human awakening.
• You are suitable for jobs that require in-depth research, logic, and
meticulousness.
Prominent advantages:
• Deep and sensitive introspection
• Exploration, learning and research are very logical and systematic
• Smart, good analytical ability
• Be clear about your own value and abilities
• Ready to fight and protect justice
Challenges:
• Sometimes we feel conflicted between our inner self and our external personality
• Suspicious, difficult to trust anyone but yourself
• Enjoy being alone but afraid of loneliness, sometimes vulnerable but not show it
32NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
33NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
7
Pinnacle 4
(age 48 - age 56)
Pinnacle 3
(age 39 - age 47)
7
9 7
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 29) (age 30 - age 38)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
34NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 29)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 9
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture love, open-mindedness, and enhance
training ability, leading others spiritually.
Cultivate empathy
• You should utilize your time to overcome your own limitations and help others
overcome physical and mental pain.
• Empathy helps you face challenges confidently, determine the true value of life,
and strive for success in all aspects.
Keep an open mind
• Open-minded thinking is the ability to expand and think flexibly, helping you
perceive the world from various perspectives and accept life diversity.
• You can build social relationships and create a multicultural community, united by
respect and acceptance of differences.
Be a spiritual leader
• You have the opportunity to become a spiritual leader helping people manage
emotions and providing spiritual support for everyone.
• You will be a great motivation source for the team and together overcome all
difficulties, aiming for success and shared joy.
35NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 means you are unlikely to encounter significant difficulties
or obstacles during this stage.
• But you may still face potential challenges or unforeseen risks in life.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Take advantage of every opportunity: You need to take advantage of the
opportunity to learn, practice skills, build a solid foundation for the future, and
explore your potential to the fullest. Constantly expand your horizons and seek
knowledge from different learning sources to shape creative and multi-dimensional
thinking.
• Accept the challenge: Accepting challenges is an opportunity for you to overcome
your limits and become stronger. Face difficulties, don't run away or give up, but
cope with them courageously so your life becomes more worthy and meaningful.
36NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 30 - age 38)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 7
This is the golden time for you to focus more on professional research, continuous self-
development, and purposeful growth. This process also promotes deep insights into the
laws of the universe and connection with your inner self.
Upgrade wisdom and personal development
• Building skills, expanding knowledge, and shaping core values and lay foundation for
personal development.
• Continuously learning and expanding understanding through investing in updating
knowledge, reading books, participating in courses, or connecting with people with
high expertise.
Take time to contemplate and connect with your inner self
• Understanding yourself is the key to a meaningful life. Ask questions about values,
goals, and the meaning of life to drive righteous actions.
Study the laws of the universe
• At this stage, you have contemplate and realized many practical life experiences.
Practicing to understand the laws of the universe such as the Law of Karma, Law of
Attraction, etc., brings many benefits, helping you change your mindset and actions.
37NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Imbalanced relationships and balance your needs with the needs of your family,
friends, or others.
• Fear of rejection and vulnerability which can prevent you from improving yourself
and forming deeper connections.
• There were a lot of conflicts and loss of communication between relationships.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Develop communication skills and empathy to better understand other people's
perspectives and feelings.
• Develop a conflict resolution strategy: Learn constructive conflict resolution
strategies, such as active listening and assertive feelings expression to resolve
relationship problems.
• Seek support from people you trust to overcome challenges and enhance your
perspective with diverse perspectives.
38NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 39 - age 47)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 7
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to spend more time contemplating the truths
about yourself, life, and enriching your knowledge.
Develop inner self
• You will gain a deep understanding of yourself and the profound meaning of life.
• You should explore intuition and start practicing a discipline that delves into your
inner self and seeks some "Faith" such as Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Karma,
etc.
Enhance soft skills
• The more you engage in learning and self-development, the more opportunities
you will have for advancement in your career.
• Identify your competitive advantages and focus on developing them into
"weapons" to position yourself in life.
Cultivate wisdom
• You need to focus more on specialized study as well as learning to enhance your
intelligence and awareness.
• Trust yourself and strive to develop aspects or skills within your field of expertise
that have not yet been explored.
39NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
40NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 48 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 7
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to delve deeper into the laws of the
universe as well as connect with your inner self; continue to study and develop yourself.
Develop yourself continuously
• The energy of Pinnacle Number 7 is synonymous with the need for continuous
learning and research.
• Knowledge will help you become a visionary, trusted by others, and sought after for
advice.
Focus on researching and developing an aspect
• This time is ideal for you to choose focusing on a particular field; delve into research
and gather core values, seizing opportunities with pre-established visions and
strategies.
• Moreover, having a broad vision in a field can bring many opportunities for you to
create lasting values for society.
Connect with the inner self, explore aspects related to the inner world
• This pinnacle cycle will contribute to unlocking potential to help you connect
with the inner self.
• This is the time to explore the inner self and find answers to questions that have
puzzled you for a long time, perhaps even for decades.
41NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with balancing emotions
• Be sensitive and lack confidence because you care too much about what
other people think about you
• Take on too much responsibility and do not have time for yourself
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be brave in facing your feelings: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and
family, or join a support group to enhance your positive energy, helping you
overcome negative emotions.
• Learn to say “No" firmly if you don't want to do something: You should analyze
and consider the appropriateness of assigned tasks and responsibilities so that
you do not become overloaded.
42NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
43NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
44NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
45NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
46NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
47NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
48NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
50NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
51NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
53NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
54NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
55NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
56NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
57NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
58NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
59NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62NGUYỄN NGỌC BẢO UYÊN
27/09/2023
CONCLUSION
Dear Nguyễn Ngọc Bảo Uyên
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
63