UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HOLM MAXINE MYLAN - 23/01/2008M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Holm Maxine Mylan
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20080123OO0W0K
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 7 8
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 2 5
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
6 4 6
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
6 2 -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 8 4,5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,6,3,2
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
8,9,1 1 4,4,0,0
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
7
LIFE PATH
2
SOUL URGE
8 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
LIFE PATH NUMBER
7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
8 99
• Ability to analyze and think • High responsibility for work
logically
1111 2222 3333
• Good at strategy and
• Meticulous and high vision
standards
• Good intuition, good at
• Spirit of learning and self- grasping the laws of the
development universe
• Extensive knowledge • Resistant to pressure well
• High concentration ability • Speech is influential and
persuasive
Energy of Number 7
With energy number 7, you were born to become an
intelligent philosopher, a profound analyst and always
looking for faith. You always want to understand the
mysteries of life. You are very sensitive and intuitive.
Number 7 represents the world of wisdom, enlightenment
and correct faith. To achieve that, you focus on self-
development and continuous learning, looking deeply to
find the nature of things and events. The energy of number 7
is the energy of deep analysis and sharp intuition.
12HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
Your strengths
• Smart and rational before all problems of life
• Actively learn and increase knowledge
• Analyze and research carefully before drawing conclusions
• Good at contemplation and drawing valuable lessons
• Meticulous, aiming for certainty
• Like to be alone to focus on intellectual development and connect with the soul
Your weaknesses
• Be careful not to become cocky and overconfident in yourself
• Manage your emotions so avoid losing your temper
• Living in isolation from the outside world can limit your opportunities
• Learn how to communicate and cooperate with people
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Always research and analyze carefully to
come up with the best implementation plan
• Once you have developed good expertise,
you will be the one to set the vision and
development strategy for your team.
• Don't be afraid to continuously learn and
develop yourself to do the best job possible
• Perfectionist and has high standards in work
Advice
• Be more agile in making decisions
• Be a perfectionist but don't become domineering and imposing.
• Use your sharing ability to help your colleagues develop better.
• Be more proactive and positive in contributing and sharing
opinions.The working environment requires high teamwork
ability.
• Leadership model: strategy and vision
13HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Gain trust because of his erudite
intelligence
• Give advice and strategies to
others in a good way
• Promote intuition in understanding
and building relationships
Advice
You are introverted, reserved and do not actively communicate, which invisibly limits
your ability to have quality relationships. Know that you need others as much as they
need you. There are still good friends out there and sometimes you miss things when
you're too focused on judging others. Besides, don't be too skeptical, try opening your
heart to trust others.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 7
 Believe in your abilities and accept every opportunity to become someone who can
share, advise and help those around you develop both knowledge and spiritual
values.
 With number 7 energy, live with the belief that when you work well and live well,
miracles will come to your life. Living with the attitude of constantly analyzing and
doubting everything can be exhausting and draining.
 Go to nature and spend quiet time to discover your inner power. Subjects such as
meditation or yoga are especially suitable for people number 7.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 7 is expressed in laziness, low
standards, indiscipline and lack of ability to dig deeper into problems. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on planning your studies and seriously developing your
expertise. Therefore, you can confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
Career orientation
Suitable careers for The Life Path Number 7 people include scientific research,
archeology, analyst, psychoanalyst, surgeon, historian, biologist, police investigator,
scientist newspapers, psychiatrists,...With a soul oriented towards humanistic values,
you are also suitable to be a lecturer, humanitarian worker, monk,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a strategist, a lighthouse that
enlightens everyone with a big enough heart,
enough effort and a small enough ego
15HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
8
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Seize unique business opportunities
• Make creative ideas a reality
• Inspire and empower other people
• Be honest and transparent about money
• Balance spiritual and material values
Message for you
With your innate business acumen, you can grasp potential opportunities and recognize
hidden challenges. Accordingly, you can create new and disruptive business models.
However, you must be careful with your pursuit of material wealth and do not become a
stubborn person. By honing your listening skills and building strong relationships, you can
blossom into a remarkable leader.
16HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
2
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul craves love and to be loved
• You appreciate gentleness, romance and affection.
• You desire to be understood and connect with
others.
• You have the ability to listen and advise others
empathetically.
• You are drawn to the beauty and serenity of nature.
Favorite workplaces
• Minimize pressure and competition
• Foster teamwork and collaboration
• Create a sense of safety and comfort
Suitable relationship
• Have harmony and emotional support
• Build on mutual care, empathy and companionship
• Connect with responsible, sincere and faithful
individuals
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG 18HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
BALANCE NUMBER 7
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Spend time observing and analyzing
issues cautiously
• Prefer to personally contemplate and
make decisions
• Be apprehensive about complications and
favor low-risk approaches to problem-
solving
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid focusing excessively on risks
before action
• Actively participate in interactive
activities and teamwork
• Set realistic expectations for yourself
instead of self-imposed pressure
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, open your heart and be tolerant
towards yourself and everything around you.
20HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 5
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Energetic and good at creating a lively atmosphere
• Passionate about freedom, adventure and discovery
• Optimistic, exuberant, appreciative of beauty and
perfection
Natural abilities
• Flexibility, unique creativity and diverse talents
• Extraordinary courage in the face of adversity
• Excellent sales and persuasion skills
The environment for your talent development
Creativity and Continuous Ethical standards and
experience innovation discipline
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONALITY NUMBER 6
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an affectionate person.
• You are a warm, kind and gentle person.
• You are thoughtful and attentive to others from the smallest details.
• People feel safe and understood when sharing their stories with you.
• You are sensitive and easily absorb others' negative emotions.
• You are always willing to help others in the best way you can.
You must love in a way that makes the person you love feel free.
- Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh -
22HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
4 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• Learn to be strict with yourself and work systematically
• Be disciplined even in small things like being punctual or keeping promises
• Spend time outdoors and enjoy serene moments
23HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
MATURITY NUMBER
6
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Give love intelligently to yourself and other people
• Care for your loved ones and spend quality time with family
• Learn to balance giving and receiving as well as career and personal life
• Become a leader who connects people with love.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person who knows
how to love others unconditionally.”
24HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
ATTITUDE NUMBER 6
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You recognize that nothing is more important than family, friends and loved ones.
• You are an affectionate person who always cares for people.
• You often focus on details rather than the big picture.
• You are perfectionistic with high aesthetic sense and high standards for many
things.
• Your perspective is sometimes heavily influenced by others' viewpoints. You need to
cultivate critical thinking and develop your own opinions.
25HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
26HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
27HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
1
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You highly value uniqueness, difference,
and logical thinking.
• You often have independent assessments
and detailed arguments about problems.
• You tend to choose pioneering and
unique options when facing choices.
B˜n c°n h˛c cách cân b˝ng và t˙p trung nˆng lˇ˘ng
Suggestions for you:
• Sometimes, you should consult and
ask for help from others instead of
solving the problem yourself.
• To make the most correct and
comprehensive decisions, you should
have step-by-step strategies and
follow emotions and intuition sparingly.
28HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
8
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Define clearly and specifically the journey you want to conquer
• Promote continuous personal development through learning about business or
business models,...
• Develop relationships to get more perspectives from many people in solving problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing clear plans and goals will help you come up with the right
approaches when solving problems, thereby moving forward.
29HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
30HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 4
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer safety, stability, and certainty in all things even if they are big or small.
• You are proactive in every situation, feel secure when everything is scheduled, and
follow the plan in a stable manner.
• You are highly disciplined and want to work in an environment with processes and
frameworks.
• You like practical, detailed things and keep persistent with your goals.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to proactively seek
opportunities for personal development, and dare to step out of your
comfort zone to experience many new things in life.
31HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
32HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
2
Pinnacle 4
(age 48 - age 56)
Pinnacle 3
(age 39 - age 47)
3
6 6
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 29) (age 30 - age 38)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 29)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 6
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture close relationships with family and learn
how to love and support others.
Build connections with family
• You have many valuable opportunities to build intimate relationships and find
happiness in connection with loved ones.
• This is an appropriate time to commit to important decisions such as marriage,
having children, and caring for family.
Serve the community
• You can support family in times of difficulty, help friends overcome life challenges,
or participate in volunteer activities.
• Serving others is a noble and meaningful action, helping you cultivate compassion
and sharing love with those around you.
34HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Lack of discipline: During this period, you are easily self-indulgent, lack discipline,
and break the rules
• Easy relinquishment: In challenge number 4, you need to pay attention to your
sense of giving up when faced with difficult challenges that require a lot of
perseverance and pursuit to conquer.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Practice self-discipline: This involves setting rules and goals for yourself, then
focusing on sticking to and implementing them.
• Focus on both the process and the results: It's important to make persevering
efforts every day and think about the end result you have set as your goal to avoid
giving up easily
• Take time for yourself: To maintain perseverance, you need to take time for
yourself. This includes relaxing, exercising, or participating in activities you enjoy
which give you motivation to face challenges.
35HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 30 - age 38)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 6
This marks an important transition from youthful independence to taking responsibility for
both family and work. During this period, you often encounter many opportunities related to
family and personal responsibilities.
Prioritize family time
• You have the opportunity to build a happy family, create a cozy space for children,
and support each other in all aspects.
• The role of being a parent provides opportunities to develop time and resource
management skills, making you more confident in building a good educational
foundation for the next generation.
Balance between work and personal life
• You need to proactively manage your time effectively, creating a positive working
environment while maintaining stability in the family.
• This helps you avoid stress, have time to love yourself, and spread love to others.
Service and share love
• You can choose to participate in social activities, from volunteering to community
projects, contributing to the positive development of society and enjoying the
meaningfulness of life.
36HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Fear of adapting to change or unknown or uncertain things
• Stiffness in old habits leads to finding it difficult to escape your comfort zone
• Difficulty shouldering financial responsibilities, such as managing debt or taking on
new financial responsibilities, leading to stress and anxiety.
• Lack of flexibility by an excessive focus on firm organizational processes and
discipline
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to be open to new opportunities: that is the way to help you grow and have
experiences creating success.
• Invest time in financial research: This will help you better understand how
investment and saving are in accordance with your goals.
• Study and cultivate to become an expert: By reading books, researching, and
learning from someone with experience.
• Practice flexibility in decision-making: Navigating different situations in life
requires a willingness to change, to learn from experience, and to not be afraid of
failure.
37HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 39 - age 47)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 3
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to recognize the importance and continue to
develop your personal brand with high energy and stability.
Build a personal brand
• You have built a relatively complete personal brand for yourself.
• You continue to enhance your personal image to benefit your work and career.
Maintain high energy
• To leverage your creativity and create influence and inspiration for others, you
need to maintain a state of peak energy.
• If you always maintain confidence, discipline, and fighting spirit, you will achieve
success and fulfillment in this pinnacle cycle.
Express yourself comfortably
• Your creative activities are profound and experiential, easily touching people's
hearts.
• Immerse yourself in what you love to unleash your talents to new heights.
• Always be ready to seize opportunities and actively create new things for yourself.
• You need to be confident, disciplined, focused, and dedicated to what you are
doing.
38HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 represents the challenges that come from your choices.
Whether you choose to live a breakthrough life and change yourself or depend on the
flow of life is completely dependent on your decision.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Accept and be grateful: Challenge Number 0 does not represent a specific
challenge, so be grateful to the universe for that.
• Believe in yourself: Believe in your own potential strength and nurture self-esteem.
Try to turn yourself into a more confident, independent, and brave version.
39HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 48 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 2
In this pinnacle cycle, life offers you the opportunity to refine, strengthen, and bond intimate
relationships. You need to leverage your sharp intuition to recognize the needs and
emotions of others.
Build and strengthen relationships
• As your children grow up and retirement approaches, or when you have stable
employment, you have more time and conditions to build relationships.
• With life experience and practical knowledge, you can understand people deeply
and perceive issues profoundly.
• You have the opportunity to share your experience and help others, participating in
social activities.
Trust and develop intuition
• You tend to trust your intuition, sensing the needs of others and knowing what you
need to do to help them.
• By sharing your knowledge, experience, and goodwill, you can make positive
changes in others' lives and contribute to society.
40HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Excessive concern in mental and physical aspects
• Pressure to make all decisions on your own
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• “Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind ”: Let yourself develop around
the saying "Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind" so that mental and
physical health is always guaranteed, from which your inner person can develop
your full potential.
• Devote your best, create good values: Continue to live your life to the fullest, and
continue to develop your potential.
• Nurture relationships: Be proactive in reconnecting old relationships as well as
making new ones, thereby creating more people to help and support you.
41HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
42HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
44HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
45HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
46HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
47HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
48HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
49HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
51HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
52HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
53HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
54HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61HOLM MAXINE MYLAN
23/01/2008
CONCLUSION
Dear Holm Maxine Mylan
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62