UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
WANG ULYSSES - 28/09/1981M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Wang Ulysses
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19810928UN2K6V
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 8 3
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
1 7 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
5 2 5
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
1 2,4,6,8,9 14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
4 4 1
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
8,9,1,2,3 5,6,7,8,9 1,2,3,1
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
3,4,5 1 8,0,8,8
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
11
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
3 1
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
LIFE PATH NUMBER
11
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Ability to inspire • Skillful in communication
22 33
• Leadership capacity
• Special attraction
• Connection capacity
• Inner strength
• Good intuition
• Big vision
• Great diplomatic ability
• The ability to
understand people
Energy of Number 11
The combination of the energy of the two numbers "1" and
"2". These are inherently a pair of numbers that do not have
many similarities, creating the impressive and sometimes
confusing Life Path Number 11.
With number 11 energy, you have a strong moral compass
and ego, not easily shaken by external influences.
You have the excellent communication ability of number 2
along with the strong pioneering energy of number 1. Traits
that make you an endlessly enlightening and inspiring
person.
The energy of certain "masters" together makes you have
great intuition and psychic abilities.
12WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
Your strengths
• Radiate warm and loving energy
• Endless creativity
• Think positively, always be grateful
• Excited and enthusiastic in sharing knowledge
• Sensitive and has good intuition
• Great ambitions and aspirations
• Always put kindness and kindness first
• Flexibility, communication and mediation capacity
Your weaknesses
• Excessive anxiety can cause your advantages to completely disappear
• Unpredictable changes in emotions, sometimes strong and courageous,
sometimes fragile and weak.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Big ambitions and goals
• Initiate projects and promote growth in
your field of expertise
• Good thinking and the ability to share are
the keys to gaining trust
Advice
• Prepare carefully to equip yourself with confidence before
daring to accept challenges and start projects
• Decisive and persistent with goals
• Leadership role models: inspiration and positive values
13WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Have empathy and be sensitive to the
needs of others
• The judge, plays the role of mediator in
relationships
• Always maintain gratitude and sincerity
with your partner
• Can become a support for everyone
• Ability to listen and be able to give
valuable advice
Advice
You may be greatly influenced by other people's negative emotions and find it difficult
to escape. Try to relax yourself, look deep inside to resolve and find positive energy for
yourself.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 11
 With the energy of number 11, your life purpose is to enlighten and release the
magical power within each person. You instill in them a strong belief and life energy.
 Always maintain your life motto: "Do it kindly, or don't do it!"
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 11 is expressed in a dependent
lifestyle, no opinion, selfishness and reluctance to share. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you develop your communication
skills and independent thinking. Only then can you confidently walk the path of
conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path 11 include inventor, teacher, scientist,
lecturer, inspirational writer, political activist, philosopher, astronomer, psychic,
innovator, artist, abstract thinker, musician, inventor in the fields of science,
technology, electronics and telepathy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a great enlightener
and inspiration
15WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
3
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN INSPIRER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Always have a positive and optimistic attitude in life
• Utilize words skillfully, flexibly and intelligently
• Possess a rich imagination and an exceptional creativity
• Be quick-witted, humorous, and bring laughter to others
• Have the ability to inspire and transform people’s lives through your words
Message for you
Before inspiring others, you need to tap into your true potential, bravely express your
authentic self and pursue your own destiny. You will achieve your highest purpose by living
with optimism, passion, compassion and joy. It is crucial to focus on the positive, believe in
the good things ahead and persevere in your goals.
16WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
1
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be proactive in learning and working, avoiding excessive dependence on others
• Develop your independence in decision-making and courage in confronting challenges
• Cultivate your inner strength to maintain patience and steadfastness in every situation
• Actively seek opportunities to challenge yourself and build your self-esteem
• Establish social and professional network to expand personal development possibilities
17WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
BALANCE NUMBER 8
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Request clarity and transparency
• Prefer straightforward communication and
express personal viewpoints openly
• Believe in your ability to overcome any
challenge
Things to keep in mind:
• Refrain from imposing your own
thoughts on others
• Avoid focusing excessively on personal
interests and material aspects
• Prioritize mental and physical well-
being
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, embrace each individual's differences
and avoid rigidity, dogmatism in order to harmonize with others
20WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONALITY NUMBER 5
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a creative and
innovative person.
• You easily make a positive impression on others through your graceful, humorous
and friendly demeanor.
• You are a captivating storyteller and bring comfort to others.
• You are free-spirited and not afraid to be your true self.
• You have many unique ideas to apply in your work and life.
• You are flexible but fickle, lacking concentration and commitment.
Only change is constant in life.
- Heraclitus -
22WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
MATURITY NUMBER
5 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate flexibility and creativity to adapt to changes
• Nurture your spirit and energy to bring new values into your life
• Engage in energy-boosting activities to keep yourself vibrant
• Experience more new things to ignite your boundless creative inspiration
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to bring a fresh breeze of creativity
and freedom to your life and other people.’’
24WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
ATTITUDE NUMBER 1
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are an independent and proactive individual who dislikes relying on others for
help.
• You firmly believe in your ability to overcome any challenges that life throws your
way.
• You see life as a world brimming with potential awaiting exploration.
• Sometimes you can be impulsive, not carefully considering the outcomes before
acting.
• You have a high competitive spirit, prefer proving personal opinion and desire
community recognition. You should cultivate humility, active listening and continuous
learning.
25WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
26WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
27WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
28WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
29WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
30WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
31WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a person with a practical way
of thinking and logical analysis ability.
• You also have a disciplined and
prudent way of thinking.
• You tend to maintain your reason,
stabilize your emotions, and stay calm
in the face of all problems.
Suggestions for you:
• Depending on the situation, there
may be more open and agile thinking
and solutions.
• Try to relax, and allow yourself to
experience new things so that your
emotions can be expressed freely.
32WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
4
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain absolute consistency with your goals
• Building a detailed plan and sticking to it helps you avoid getting lost halfway
• Find people who can help you evaluate the feasibility of your plan to make
appropriate adjustments and a clear path
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maintaining a steadfast spirit and pursuing your goals to the end
will help you be motivated to overcome all barriers and challenges.
33WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
34WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 1
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You enjoy becoming a pioneer and feel excited to start new things.
• You want to get straight to the point, proactively solving things in your way.
• You would like to initiate large-scale projects and want to become a leader.
• You are willing to take responsibility and be flexible when handling situations.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to be more
creative and pay more attention to other people's perspectives.
35WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1
Pinnacle 4
(age 53 - age 61)
Pinnacle 3
(age 44 - age 52)
3
1 2
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 34) (age 35 - age 43)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
36WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 34)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 1
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture your confidence, leadership skills, and
transform yourself into a better version.
Cultivate independence
• This pinnacle cycle demands that you learn to solve problems and confront difficult
situations independently.
• You gain additional courage and confidence to take control of your life and stand
on your own two feet.
Develop leadership skills
• There are many opportunities for you to lay the groundwork for becoming a leader,
but what's crucial is that you seize and make the most of them.
• Initiating a project or establishing your own company or business could also be a
goal you should set during this stage.
Pioneer and create new value
• You need the courage to step out of your comfort zone and relentlessly pursue your
personal goals.
• Dare to think differently and take action, leading the way. Thereby, you can create
trends or new achievements in a particular field.
37WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
Challenge Number 8
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Big ego: This can lead to a loss of connection with those around you.
• Too much focus on fame and materialism: Manifest in loss of balance
between personal life and work.
• Health deterioration due to irregular living: Irregular living and overworking under high
intensity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Lower your ego and listen to other people's opinions: Open your heart to listen to
the feedback from others, sometimes they are the ones who can see the aspects
that you don't understand.
• Balance between mental health and work: Allow yourself to relax comfortably after
stressful working hours, and don't put too much pressure on yourself with far-fetched
goals.
• Practice exercises: Exercises will help you stay healthy to achieve your goals
38WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 35 - age 43)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 2
This is a golden moment for you to refine and build quality relationships, utilizing your
listening skills and keen intuition to connect and collaborate effectively with others.
Build healthy and quality relationships
• You have some experience and maturity to build and develop sustainable
relationships.
• Connecting with like-minded individuals is the key to your personal development
and seeking new job opportunities.
Connect and cooperate effectively
• You will have opportunities to collaborate on large projects. Sensitivity, listening
skills, and a focus on mutual benefits create a comfortable, trusting environment,
contributing to increasing work efficiency.
• Creating new values for self and society
Activate intuitive and perceptive abilities
• Your sharp intuition in this stage helps you predict and analyze situations effectively.
• By recognizing signs and trends, you can make reliable predictions and steer
yourself towards the right direction.
• At this stage, you have the opportunity to listen to yourself, understand your desires,
needs, and values more clearly.
39WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Challenge number 0 at this stage will be the time when you can apply the
experience accumulated from the previous stage to find a smarter way to
handle and choose to cope with challenges that may arise
• If you can apply and execute successfully, this phase challenge is not a big
concern for you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Act wisely and consider carefully: Every challenge at this moment comes from
your choices. So act wisely, because no challenge or many obstacles are your
choice.
• Be flexible to face all challenges: Dare to do, dare to take responsibility, don't
be afraid of failure. You will reach success during this period.
40WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 44 - age 52)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 3
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to recognize the importance and continue to
develop your personal brand with high energy and stability.
Build a personal brand
• You have built a relatively complete personal brand for yourself.
• You continue to enhance your personal image to benefit your work and career.
Maintain high energy
• To leverage your creativity and create influence and inspiration for others, you
need to maintain a state of peak energy.
• If you always maintain confidence, discipline, and fighting spirit, you will achieve
success and fulfillment in this pinnacle cycle.
Express yourself comfortably
• Your creative activities are profound and experiential, easily touching people's
hearts.
• Immerse yourself in what you love to unleash your talents to new heights.
• Always be ready to seize opportunities and actively create new things for yourself.
• You need to be confident, disciplined, focused, and dedicated to what you are
doing.
41WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
Challenge Number 8
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Blind actions when facing power and money
• Loss of balance in work and life, forgetting family relationships and personal life
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Balance all aspects of life: Determine what is important to you and then
appropriately allocate time and energy to each aspect.
• Maintain quality relationships: Imposing less on others and appreciating
personal relationships more, because these relationships can bring you
meaningful things and support you in achieving your dreams.
42WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 53 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 1
In this pinnacle cycle, life offers you the opportunity to further solidify your position and
leadership capabilities. What you need to do is maintain an active state, be creative, and
have an open mind to embrace new things.
Become an experienced leader
• Your astuteness, sharpness, and innate ability honed over time can make you reliable,
earning recognition and respect from others.
• You will have many opportunities to become an inspirational leader in a particular field.
Pioneer and make renovations
• You are trustworthy and entrusted with leadership roles in various tasks due to your
courage and experience accumulated over time.
• You are willing to update and familiarize yourself with new things.
Focus on self-prioritization
• Instead of focusing too much on others' opinions and judgments, you should
prioritize how to make yourself happier, independent, and decisive in all matters.
• Listen to and respect everyone's opinions, control your confidence to avoid
appearing dictatorial, conservative, or arrogant.
43WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
Challenge Number 8
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Overworry about financial issues
• Easy obsession with material needs
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Overcome material ambitions: You need to avoid workaholism, pay more
attention to your spiritual aspect, and spend time with the people you love.
• Control your ego, and avoid abusing power to impose on others: Always
remember that everyone has equal value and dignity, and no one has more
rights than anyone else.
44WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
45WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
46WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
47WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
48WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
49WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
51WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
53WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
54WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
55WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
56WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
57WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
58WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
59WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
60WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
61WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
63WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
64WANG ULYSSES
28/09/1981
CONCLUSION
Dear Wang Ulysses
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
65