UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYỄN VI ZOE - 20/07/1992M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Nguyễn Vi Zoe
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19920720UB4G5M
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
3 8 1
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
2 1 2
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
9 8 4
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
9 1,2 -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
3 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
7,8,9,1,2 4,5,6,7,8 9,5,5,1
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
2,3,4 3 5,1,4,4
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
3
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
1 2
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
LIFE PATH NUMBER
3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Enthusiasm and • Creativity
11 22 33
high energy
• Inspiration
• Intelligent, witty
• Artistic inclination
• Grasp psychology
• Good communication
• Good communicated
• Enjoy activities
ability
collective
• Influence by spoken
language
Energy of Number 3
With energy number 3, you have communication skills and
artistic creativity. You are energetic and always want to
spread positive values.
A sense of humor is what helps you attract attention.
Therefore, having fun and getting the attention of those
around you makes you feel happy.
12NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
Your strengths
• Intelligent, curious and grasp issues
• Flexible, likes to learn and explore life
• Bright, positive energy and attraction
• Funny and always brings laughter
• Good communication skills
Your weaknesses
• Indulge in pleasures, easily caught up in the immediate joys
• Manage emotions and words, avoid being judged as overly talkative
• Be mindful with how you present yourself so as not to be misunderstood as arrogant
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Many creative ideas contributing to the
work
• Easily convey information and achieve
communication goals
• Agile, smart, grasps job requirements quickly
Advice
• Be disciplined and have clear plans and goals before
taking action
• Be careful not to let yourself lose focus or concentration
• Express yourself but still maintain the necessary humility
• Leadership model: inspirer who win people's hearts with
words
13NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Easily makes friends thanks to your
expressive ability and sociable
personality
• Other people enjoy listening to you
because of your positive energy
• Optimism and brightness help you
maintain good relationships
Advice
Other people greatly appreciate your energy. However, saying or promising is not
enough; you should always pay attention to take action and fulfill your promises. That is
how you maintain other’s trust in relationships. Besides, learn to be tolerant, empathetic
and patient with the imperfections of those around you.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 3
 Always hone your communication skills and be ready to use your voice to spread
positive values for life.
 Self-development is very important. A masterful mind will give you great confidence
on your inspirational journey.
 A typical number 3 person is always extremely sociable, is a highly sociable person
with an open and engaging communication style. They are able to share their natural
talents with the world.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 3 is expressed in pessimism, social
anxiety and difficulty in self-expression. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on
developing your communication skills and self-confidence. If you want to be successful,
you really need to become an inspirer who spreads communication benefits and builds
your own brand value.
14NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
Career orientation
A job suitable for person number 3 is one in which you have the opportunity to share,
inspire, and spread positive energy to everyone around you.
Your ideal professions are artist, dancer, actor, musician, performer and
beautician. You can also succeed in roles related to sharing such as teacher, speaker,
trainer, sales consultant; or related to creativity such as actor, singer, host, etc.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person of inspiration and
positive energy for the world
15NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
1
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
to become a LEADER and a PIONEER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny
• Self-awareness and constant self-development
• Independent spirit and a strong sense of responsibility
• Logical thinking, perseverance and unwavering determination to pursue goals
• Courage, willingness to be different, and continuous innovation
• Ability to provide direction and lead others
Message for you
Your destiny is closely tied to the word “leadership”; however, you must first learn to “lead
yourself” by building a strong belief in your potential and continuously upgrading yourself.
You should courageously step outside the comfort zone to immerse yourself in unique
experiences that reflect your true essence. Being open to listening and sharing your ideas
with others are also very beneficial. Empathetic communication will help you inspire and
guide others to achieve their goals.
16NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
2
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be willing to help others while setting healthy boundaries
• Value your own time and learn to prioritize
• Learn to handle problems peacefully and avoid conflict
• Develop your communication, listening and networking skills
17NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
BALANCE NUMBER 8
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Request clarity and transparency
• Prefer straightforward communication and
express personal viewpoints openly
• Believe in your ability to overcome any
challenge
Things to keep in mind:
• Refrain from imposing your own
thoughts on others
• Avoid focusing excessively on personal
interests and material aspects
• Prioritize mental and physical well-
being
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, embrace each individual's differences
and avoid rigidity, dogmatism in order to harmonize with others
20NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 2
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle and graceful demeanor
• Being considerate and sensitive to other people’s needs
• Benevolent spirit that enjoys supporting and reconciling
conflicts
Natural abilities
• Excellent listening, empathy and sharing skills
• Ability to connect and make a positive impression
• Keen intuition and awareness of both sides of an issue
The environment for your talent development
Low competitive Three Treasures: Good teachers Supportive and
pressure - Good friends - Good books harmonious workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONALITY NUMBER 9
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an educator and a humanitarian.
• You are responsible and have lofty ideals. You are willing to put others’ needs
before your own.
• People feel safe and comfortable sharing their thoughts and feelings with you.
• You radiate a beauty of intellect akin to a wise philosopher always aiming for
spiritual purity.
• You actively engage in community activities and humanitarian activities.
• Sometimes you may find it difficult to forgive others. Learning to be tolerant and
let go will lighten your heart.
Compassion is your own best weapon.
- Chinese Buddhism -
22NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
8 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• It is essential to nurture maturity and discipline within yourself.
• You should practice making quick, accurate decisions and avoid letting
emotions excessively influence your choices.
• You can set short-term and long-term goals, then assign responsibility for
each action to steadfastly pursue your objectives.
23NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
MATURITY NUMBER
4 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate your own discipline, principles and ethics
• Establish a detailed plan and persistently pursue your goals
• Continuously develop your professional expertise
• Equip yourself with knowledge about investment, finance and real
estate
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to develop yourself into a true expert.’’
24NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
ATTITUDE NUMBER 9
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You approach situations with a positive, kind and tolerant attitude.
• You care more about the community and humanity than personal gain.
• You willingly shoulder more responsibilities and happily undertake others' tasks.
• You always value humanitarian values.
• You live with gratitude and appreciate life experiences.
25NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence and responsibility for your own life
• Courage and willingness to seize new opportunities
• Rationality, determination and high stress resistance
• Decisiveness and clear goals
• Self-leadership and leadership of others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Develop self-confidence, independence, self-awareness and decision-making abilities
• Find a reliable mentor to improve leadership skills and self-leadership.
• Step outside your comfort zone, take control of your life, and instill self-discipline.
• Cultivate positive energy and manage your emotions, actions.
• Embrace your personality and dare to follow your own choices, even without
unanimous support.
26NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
27NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
28NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a newly random way of
thinking, sometimes a bit unusual.
• You tend to choose challenging
methods and unique approaches.
• Sometimes your way of thinking is
influenced by emotional factors.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall
overview.
• You need to clearly analyze each
option before making a choice.
29NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
GENERATION NUMBER 3
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 3:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 3, you value personal joy and
always live true to your feelings.
• Value friendships and relationships that bring amusement
• Happy energy, a sense of humor, sharing ability
• What you need to do is learn how to keep your emotions in a positive state and
maintain a high level of energy to motivate constant action.
• You are suitable for jobs related to speaking, sharing, and inspiration.
Prominent advantages:
• Creativity and bountiful imagination
• Optimistic spirit, positive belief in all situations
• Communication ability with many different audiences
• Great language command to express thoughts well
Challenges:
• Excessive optimism leads to a shortage of possible risk anticipation
• Almost all reactions and action tendencies are dominated and governed by
emotional energy
• The generation is easily distracted, having difficulty in keeping commitments
31NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
32NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1
Pinnacle 4
(age 52 - age 60)
Pinnacle 3
(age 43 - age 51)
5
9 5
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 33) (age 34 - age 42)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 33)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 9
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture love, open-mindedness, and enhance
training ability, leading others spiritually.
Cultivate empathy
• You should utilize your time to overcome your own limitations and help others
overcome physical and mental pain.
• Empathy helps you face challenges confidently, determine the true value of life,
and strive for success in all aspects.
Keep an open mind
• Open-minded thinking is the ability to expand and think flexibly, helping you
perceive the world from various perspectives and accept life diversity.
• You can build social relationships and create a multicultural community, united by
respect and acceptance of differences.
Be a spiritual leader
• You have the opportunity to become a spiritual leader helping people manage
emotions and providing spiritual support for everyone.
• You will be a great motivation source for the team and together overcome all
difficulties, aiming for success and shared joy.
34NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Easily break commitments and promises: During this stage, you need to focus on
ensuring your commitment and promises so as not to be considered "empty talk" or
"commitment and leave it at that."
• Easily fall into a loss of self-control: You may have more opportunities to
experience, but you need to practice self-control over pleasures to focus on what is
truly important to you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Record progress and set rewards and punishments: Recording and setting your
rewards and punishments for what you have done will help you appreciate your
journey more, thereby avoiding giving up and breaking your initial commitment.
• Always remind yourself of your initial motivation: Find internal and external
motivation to keep your commitment strong. Remind yourself of the reason why
you made the commitment and the benefits your goal brings.
• Set priorities: You need to learn to prioritize and decline things that don't align
with your goals and values.
35NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 34 - age 42)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 5
This is the golden time for you to unleash your creativity and make breakthroughs in life.
Having the spirit to dare to think, dare to do, and challenge yourself will help you mature
quickly.
Embrace new opportunities
• This stage offers you many chances, urging you to step out of your comfort zone.
• Opportunities to communicate and meet interesting people who can influence your
worldview, helping you make breakthrough decisions.
Cultivate a positive attitude
• You can become independent in terms of economy, finance and spirit.
• You can make your own decisions about your life without others's support.
• The energy during this period is also appropriate for you to start a business and
realize your dream of being an entrepreneur.
Think practically, learn to adapt
• To overcome this stage, you should be flexible in every situation, think realistically,
avoid daydreaming, and act with commitment.
• You need to actively seek opportunities even in challenges, not giving up halfway.
36NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The goal has not been large enough to pursue
• Not decisive and determined to carry out your plan
• The idea of relying on and depending on others due to a lack of confidence in one's
abilities or having a high ego when listening to the opinions of others
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Discover and reflect on yourself: Engage in a reflective process to understand your
own values, strengths, and passions. This exploration can help you build a strong
sense of personal identity and purpose.
• Cultivate a progressive mindset: Regarding challenges as opportunities to learn
and improve yourself, and consider failure as a stepping stone to success.
• Seek out a mentor or guidance: Learn from people with experience and the ability
to teach valuable knowledge about leadership and create pioneering values.
• Step out of the comfort zone: Gradually step out of your comfort zone and
proactively accept anticipated risks to build confidence and assertiveness.
37NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 43 - age 51)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 5
This is the pinnacle cycle where you step out of your comfort zone to embrace new
relationships, experiences, and dare to be different while unleashing your unique creativity.
Build new and diverse relationships
• Life will provide you with opportunities to continue expanding your life experiences
with various groups of people and explore the world around you.
• You will improve your communication skills with others and meet many new people.
• The opportunity to promote your personal image and learn to adapt to changes is
also a highlight of this pinnacle cycle.
Create and innovate
• You need to harness your breakthrough creativity to avoid being left behind.
• Listen to your soul and understand what your mission in life is. Give yourself the
chance to explore new things, step out of your comfort zone, and refresh your life.
Pursue goals relentlessly
• Always maintain perseverance when pursuing your life's biggest goals.
Opportunities will always come with many challenges, and the lesson for you is
about discipline and self-control.
• There will be conflicts arising, so you need to stay away from things you know are
wrong or unethical.
38NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty disciplining yourself
• Don't manage time during the day leads to overwhelming and negative emotions
• Be overconfident in your own abilities leads to conservatism
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Face problems: Instead of procrastinating or fleeing, you need to face all
challenges directly and persevere in solving problems to the end.
• Make a detailed plan: Make detailed plans and goals for each period so it's easy
to control and act upon.
• Get ready to broaden your knowledge: Instead of closing your inherent thinking
in a stereotypical way and following a beaten path, learn to think more multi-
dimensionally and be willing to learn from others.
39NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 52 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 1
In this pinnacle cycle, life offers you the opportunity to further solidify your position and
leadership capabilities. What you need to do is maintain an active state, be creative, and
have an open mind to embrace new things.
Become an experienced leader
• Your astuteness, sharpness, and innate ability honed over time can make you reliable,
earning recognition and respect from others.
• You will have many opportunities to become an inspirational leader in a particular field.
Pioneer and make renovations
• You are trustworthy and entrusted with leadership roles in various tasks due to your
courage and experience accumulated over time.
• You are willing to update and familiarize yourself with new things.
Focus on self-prioritization
• Instead of focusing too much on others' opinions and judgments, you should
prioritize how to make yourself happier, independent, and decisive in all matters.
• Listen to and respect everyone's opinions, control your confidence to avoid
appearing dictatorial, conservative, or arrogant.
40NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty managing time, easily giving up or procrastinating
• Lack reality and a lot of daydreaming
• Easily get caught up in the details and miss the overall picture
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be determined to the goals: Discipline yourself with the smallest things then
gradually increase the difficulty.
• Focus on the present: Don't focus too much on the past or future, just live at
the moment, from there you will easily see what you can realistically achieve.
• Make a clear plan: You should have specific plans and goals when facing
problems that need to be solved.
41NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
42NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
43NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
44NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
45NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
46NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
47NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
48NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
49NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
51NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
52NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
53NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
54NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61NGUYỄN VI ZOE
20/07/1992
CONCLUSION
Dear Nguyễn Vi Zoe
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62