Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Parents,
Congratulations on obtaining the Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for your child Nguyễn Lan Linzy . This map will serve as
a compass that enables you to unlock your child's future and guide them
towards the destiny that life has given them.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree”. The
family and the surrounding environment play a crucial role in shaping your
child's personality and nurturing their potential. With your proper guidance,
they will better understand themselves and have greater goals to strive for,
instead of becoming confused and disoriented in life.
The numbers in Kid Talent Map will help you identify your child’s talents,
lessons and mission that the universe sent with them when they were born.
Accordingly, you can chart a course for their development and accompany
them on their journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, they
will be met with glorious success every step of the way.
For this very reason, we have devoted great efforts to the Kid Talent Map
tool with the desire to help you activate your child’s true potential and
create the ideal conditions for their development. Thank you for putting
your trust in Kid Talent Map on your journey to build a bright and prosperous
future for your child.
Sincerely,
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
WHAT IS KID TALENT MAP?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific tool that provides 21 numbers to help
guide young talents and their parents on the path to success.
Recognizing that proper education and a suitable development
environment are fundamental to shaping a happy child, we have
devoted great efforts to this special product with highly personalized
guidance.
This tool is the result of combining Pythagorean Numerology with Map
for Success. We have analyzed over 200,000 Maps for Success of our
clients in Vietnam and dedicated thousands of hours to researching child
development and parenting methods. Afterwards, we surveyed many
parents to validate our findings and assess practical application.
VALUE OF KID TALENT MAP
Kid Talent Map empowers parents to:
• Understand: The first step to successful parenting is understanding your child. Kid
Talent Map helps you identify their strengths, weaknesses, abilities and values.
• Analyze: Once you comprehend your child, you can determine the right parenting
approach. This allows you to set goals aligned with their values and strengths. The
tool provides a step-by-step process to help them achieve these goals.
• Act: Goals are not enough. You need to create a specific, realistic and achievable
action plan to help them develop on the right track.
• Commit: You should maintain a learning spirit and tailor your parenting style to your
child. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you on your
journey of wise parenting.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
11 2 1
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the strengths that
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing parents can exploit to help your
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life children succeed
Points parents need to pay attention
to in the process of raising children
1 7 7
LIFE PATH – DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
3 4 3
SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-40 years old
your child in the eyes of others
1 2,4,6 19/1,16/7
ATTITUDE NUMBER KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
NUMBER
The way your child perceives Lessons your child needs to conquer
Weaknesses that parents can help
everyday situations to perfect himself
their child remedy
1
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
3 6 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
8,9,1,2,3 5,6,7,8,9 1,8,9,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life
3,4,5 1 4,6,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION NUMBER CHALLENGE NUMBER
NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
Your child’s energy during the day The energy of your child and those face and the way parents can help
helps parents suggest appropriate born in the same year. your child overcome difficulties
activities for them
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 11
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number 11 is the first Master Number and represents enlightenment. It is a both higher vibration of
andacombinationofnumber1andnumber2,soyoumayfindyourchildspecialandunpredictable.
Your child has a rich imagination and excellent creativity. They tend to exhibit outstanding intelligence
andmentalcapacitycomparedtootherchildrenoftheirage.However,theycanalsobereserved,want
to stay close to their parents and know how to please other people, which is the result of number 2’s
influence.
As your children grow older, they will become more confident and independent. They will have big
visions and desire to be recognized by others. They have what it takes to be a leader and are able to
inspireothers.However,theycanbetornbetweenbeingattheforefrontorsteppingbacktotakeona
supportiveroleduetotheinfluencesofbothnumber1andnumber2.Theyalsohavestarqualitiesand
aretalentedatperforminginfrontofacrowd.
44
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 11
STRENGTHS
Your child is caring and helpful towards other people, and can easily sense their needs. They always
live with gratitude and positive thoughts. Thanks to their sharp intuition and unique spiritual talents,
they treat people with fairness, integrity and compassion. They know how to listen and can inspire
otherstochangeforthebetter.
Yourchildhasgrandandnobleambitions,andapplythemselvesfullytowhattheydo.Theirleadership
abilities will help them earn respect and recognition from society. They have their own views on
everythingandaverystrongmoralcompassthatisrarelyinfluencedbytheopinionsofothers.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
Your child has a complex inner world and struggles with identifying who they truly are; on one hand,
theywanttoshineandlead,butontheotherhand,theywanttostepbackandassist.Asaresult,they
mightbehesitantandindecisive,andmissoutongoodopportunitiesbecauseoftheirinabilitytomake
timelydecisions,whichwillmakethemfeeldemotivatedanddisappointed.
Atyoungerages,yourchildmightbeselfish,demanding,impatientandpossessiveinbothmaterialand
mentalregards.Competitiveandeagertowin,theycanbearrogantandthinktheyarealwaysright.
45
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 11
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
Youshouldguideyourchildtolookdeeperwithinandgettoknowthemselves,therebyidentifyingthe
rightgoalsandgainingmoreconfidenceintheirabilities.Becausetheyhaveaverystrongintuition,you
should encourage them to listen to their heart and follow what their intuition tells them. If possible,
you can orient them towards artistic activities such as acting in a play, performing magic tricks or
playingmusicsothattheycanexpresstheircreativityandgainmoreconfidence.
You should also let them engage in healthy competition by participating in short-term contests where
they can be active andlearn howto cooperate with others. Duringtheir participation, youshould give
them constant motivation and encouragement, as well as guide them on how to make timely and
sensibledecisions.
46
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 11
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Has strong intuition and spiritual talents
• Has a broad perspective and big visions
• Imaginative and creative
• Confident, independent and active
• Impatient and indecisive
• Possibly selfish, demanding and possessive
LESSON
Life Path Number 11 indicates that your child must learn how to become a leader who can
inspire and enlighten others.
47
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 2
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to solve almost any problem thanks to their excellent diplomatic skills and
charisma. In many situations, they are willing to sacrifice their own needs to achieve harmony and
agreement between all parties. However, they are sometimes influenced by other people’s opinions
and unable to make decisions on their own, which can make them feel insecure and demotivated.
Therefore,youshouldteachthem howtoremaincalmandtrusttheirinstinctsinimportantsituations.
On one hand, they need to be clear-headed to avoid being influenced by others; on the other hand,
they must listen to their heart in order to find the most appropriate solution that can balance the
interestsofeverypartyinvolved.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 1
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Yourchild’sdestinyistobecomealeaderinthefieldthattheyareinterestedinandexcelat.Evenfrom
a young age, they like being authorized by their parents, and being the leader who guides a group
towardsachievingcommongoals.
Your child has a strong personality and firm opinions on every matter. Their strengths include being
decisive,proactiveanddaring.Theyalwaysapplythemselvesfullytoachievingsetgoalsandwillnotbe
demotivatedbydifficultiesorfailures.Theycanadjusttheirmindsetandperspectivetofindthewayto
overcometheobstacletheyarefacing.
Self-managementskillsandself-disciplinewillhelpyourchildbecomeanexceptionalleader.Nomatter
what they do, they must hone their ability to initiate and pioneer, as well as develop an open-minded
and progressive way of thinking. They need to maintain a burning desire for victory, an immovable
beliefinthemselvesandastrongsenseofresponsibilityineverythingtheyaretaskedwith.
As for weaknesses, your child is sometimes too focused on getting other people's attention and
recognition. They might be insensitive and indifferent, and ignore the opinions and feelings of those
around them. They can also become impulsive and stubborn, and refuse to ever change their mind.
Therefore,theyneedtolearnhowtonegotiateandmakecompromisesinmanysituations.
Destiny Number 1 will bring your child experiences that can help them discover themselves eliminate
self-doubts, and strengthen their willpower and determination. With enough focus and decisiveness,
yourchildwillshinebrightasabrilliantleaderinthefuture.
65
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 1
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in
order to learn their life lesson and fulfill their destiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 1 indicates that your child needs to become
independent, self-reliant andstandontheir owntwo feet. To be able to learntheir life
lessonandfulfilltheir destiny,they mustalwaysbe proactiveanddecisive,andidentify
clear goals in everything they do. You should allow them to decide for themselves and
teach them to take responsibility for their decisions. Instead of doing things or making
decisions for them, let them express their views, teach them how to break down their
goalsandallowthemtomaketheirownchoices.
Once your child has developed this ability, they will become a self-reliant person who
knows how to make the right decisions without having to depend on other people’s
opinions. The only things they need to do is to focus on themselves, understand what
they must or should do to reach their goals, stand up when they are fallen, and take
initiativesinturningtheirdreamsandambitionsintoreality.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 7
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 7 indicates that your child loves learning, prefers to do their own research and has
an analytical mind. Whenever they come across something interesting, they often spend a lot of time
contemplatingitinsolitude.Theyfeelthehappiestwhentheyareleftalonetocontemplatetheirideas
to their heart’s content. Havingaprofound way of thinking,they are drawnto life’s mysteriesand will
not do superficial things. They enjoy being in nature but dislike noisy environments and public
indecency.
However, spending too much time alone can make your child prone to mood swings and being
emotionally drained. At the same time, they may find it difficult to communicate their feelings, which
makesiteasyforthemto bemisunderstood.If suchasituationpersists,they riskdevelopingthe habit
of being secretive and dishonest, or even depression. You must help them be more grounded and
presentintherealworldinsteadofperpetuallybeingintheirownworld.
92
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 7
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talents are,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
BirthdayNumber7indicatesthatyourchildisveryintelligentandexcelsatself-studying,observingand
inferring information. They usuallytry to discover the answer ontheir ownbyrepeatedly asking “why”
until they arrive at the result they are looking for. They never take things at face value, and instead
always digdeeper under the surface to discover the truth. As aresult,they tendto be more intelligent
than other children of their age, and have no interest in pointless questions. Under number 7’s
influence, they have a serious attitude towards their study, and will not waste time on dealing with
trivialmatters.
Evenwhenyourchildisstillyoung,youshouldprovidethemwithanenvironmentconducivetolearning
by encouraging them to read and teaching them how to infer lessons and summarize what they have
learned. In the right environment where they can harness and nurture their natural talents, they have
the potential to develop the ability to think logically and conduct scientific analyses, which combines
with their intelligence and perceptiveness to help them become exceptional at writing, analysis,
philosophyandscience.Furthermore,ifallthey wanttodoisfocusingonaspecificfieldordiscovering
life’smysteries,youshouldnotforcethemtobecomemoreeasy-goingorsociable.
Having Birthday Number 7, your child prefers working alone and tends to have very few friends. They
can also be quite stubborn and demanding. If such characteristics present themselves when they are
stillyoung,youneedtounderstandthatitdoesnotmeantheyaredisobedientorarrogant,butinstead
demonstrates their potential to become a brilliant mind. Even though you should absolutely
compliment their skills and passion for specialized fields, keep in mind that no one and nothing is
perfect,whichmeansyouneedtoteachthemhowtoloveandappreciatethemselves.
104
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 3
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’sfirstimpressionofyourchildisthattheyareanapproachableandoutgoingpersonwhoisalways
cheerful and has a great sense of humor. These qualities help them make a lasting impression on others
from the first encounter. In group activities, they always try to connect with everyone. Having this
PersonalityNumbermakesiteasyforthemtoestablishrelationships.
People with Personality Number 3 pay a lot of attention to the way they appear to others. Before going
out, your child usually takes great care of their appearance and wants to showcase their fashion style,
which is anything that makes them feel comfortable and fits their tastes. They also constantly want to
express themselves and therefore always take initiative in everything they do and frequently stand out
amongacrowd.
Your child readily lets people know who they are even from the first time they meet because they always
wanttotakeonanactive roleinrelationships.Thiswillbeverybeneficialtotheminthefuturewhen they
aresearchingforcareeropportunities.
PeoplewithPersonalityNumber3neverhidewhotheyareandinsteadwanttoshowcaseeverytalentthey
have.ThisPersonalityNumberwillbringyourchildmoreopportunitiesthanothersbecauseofthepositive
impressionstheycanmakeonothers.
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 4
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
This number indicates that your child should be more sincere as this will help them gain the trust of
others. If any misunderstanding arises, they need to clarify it and present proof to convince others.
Calmness and certainty will help them gain trust in cooperative relationships. They need to start
developing self-discipline from the smallest things like being punctual or keeping promises. Success will
notcomeiftheydonotworkhardorlackmethodologyanddiscipline.
14
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 3
TheMaturity Numberreveals what yourchildshould do andwhat they should
focusoninordertoadvancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthe
mostproductive periodoftheirlife,whichisfromtheageof30to35.
MaturityNumber3indicatesthatduringthisperiod,yourchildshouldfocuson
improving their communication skills in order to expand their network and
socialcircle.Theyalsoneedtoestablishtheirimage intheeyesofothers.They
should seize every opportunity to appear in front of a crowd and share their
knowledgeinordertomakeapositiveimpactonpeople.
Once your child has established their identity and values, the more they
connect with others, the more successful they will become. During this time,
many people will seek advice from them. They should maintain a positive
attitudetobeabletomotivatethem.
Ifyourchildcantakeadvantageoftheopportunities tosharetheirknowledge,
educate others and showcase their abilities, they are living in accordance with
their MaturityNumber,andwill beableto shine brightlyandattractattention.
They should keep in mind that this is a time when they must always think and
actquicklyinordertobecomefamous.
21
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 4
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 4 indicates that your child might be lazy and refuse to do things that they
deem boring and tedious. You should avoid being lenient, explain to them the value of completing
tasksandteachthemgoodhabitssuchasputtingtheirtoysawayafterplayingwiththem,makingtheir
bed after waking up or put things where they are supposed to be through the use of timetables and
alarms.
Your child will also need guidance on how to organize their personal affairs, make plans in their daily
life, analyze and evaluate processes, and adapt to changes, so that they can harness their positive
qualitiesinanyenvironment.
34
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 6
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 6 indicates that your child might lack a sense of responsibility towards
themselves and others, yet still expect people to be responsible for them. Their aversion to being
constrained by other people’s needs and demands may lead to conflicts between them and other
familymembers.Therefore,youneedtoteachthemhowtobecaringandaffectionatetotheirfamily.
Inordertoactivateyourchild’sinnateabilitytotakecareofothers,youcanhavethempracticetaking
care of their personal belongings or pets. Additionally, you can allow them to participate in
philanthropic activitiestodevelopselflessness,generosityandcompassionwithinthem.
36
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 3 indicates that your child has a quick and unique way of thinking;
the ideas that they can come up with often surprise others. Faced with a problem, they tend
to have a lot of ideas. When working among a group of friends, they always have unique,
creativeandinnovativethoughts.
This type of thinking will become evenmore prominentas your childmatures,which enables
them to come up with many unique ideas and solutions. The deeper they look, the more
possibilities and opportunities they can create in places no one else could think of. Theirs
represents an innovative type of thinking and outlandish approaches. However, sometimes
theirideasarestillinfluencedbyemotionalfactors.
42
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 6
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious Self Number 6 indicates that your child always turns their attention to their family, which is
the originof all of their joysandsorrows. Their decisions alwaysinvolve family;their instinctandintuition
areparticularlysensitivewhenitcomestofamily.
This number will become even stronger if you can create an environment where family members are
alwaysloving,intimateandconnectedtowardsoneanother,whichwillserveasasourceofmotivationfor
your child; they will constantly strive to achieve goals for the sake of their loved ones. However, to avoid
making them feel pressured, you should also encourage them to pursue their own goals and take care of
themselves while feeling confident in the fact that family will always be a solid support system, a safe
havenwheretheycanfeelsafe,andalaunchingpadforalloftheirdreams.
56
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 5
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Inside your child lies a passion for discovering new things in life. New
experiences help them develop their creativity and flexibility, and satisfy their
innercuriosity.
In order to activate this passion, you should let them explore, experience and
step out of their comfort zone so that they can do creative things that deliver
unique values. Finding their true passion and interests will help them achieve
theresultstheydreamof.
Constantly seeking freedom and new experiences, your child likes to travel to
foreignlandsevenfromayoungerage.Whenthispassionissatisfied,they will
be able to replenish their energy, cheerfulness and animation. Therefore, you
can offer to take them on trips as arewardinorder to motivate them to reach
theirgoals.
64
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 8 (2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 8, your child will be highly energetic. The more they can harness this
energy, the more attention they will receive from those around them. The passion they bring to
everythingtheydowillhelpthemachieveconsiderableresults.
During this year, your child can also feel a strong need to express themselves by improving their
standardoflivingandbecomingfinanciallyindependent.Therefore,theymaythinkaboutopeningtheir
own business or simply finding apart-time job. If thatis the case,they will also needemotional balance
toachievetransformationsandbreakthroughs intheirstudyorcareer.
76
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 9 (2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During PersonalYearNumber9,youmaynoticethatyourchildwillturntheirattentiontowardshelping
others.Theywillsympathizewithpeoplemoreeasilyandwanttohelpthosearoundthemtothebestof
theirabilities.
You should let them take part in philanthropic work and accompany them in these endeavors. These
nobledeedswillhelpthemliveinlinewiththeenergyoftheirPersonalYearNumber,anddeveloptheir
compassionandaltruism.
This is also a year for your child to decide whether they will continue or put an end to the projects or
relationships that are no longer beneficial to them. Even though you should not involve yourself too
muchintheirdecisions,alwaysbereadytolistentoandassistthemwhenevernecessary.
77
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 1 (2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 1 will be significant to your child’s emotional life. There might be changes in the
way they study or their everyday life. You should help them set goals for things that are no longer
appropriate and needto be changed, be ittheir learning environment or the opportunity to experience
newthings,tohelpthemhaveamorepositivetransformation.Duringthisyear,ifyouwantyourchildto
changeinsomeways,sitthemdownandcommunicateyourviewswhilealsolisteningtotheiropinions.
Should you and your child come up with ideas that you can both agree on, perhaps this is the year to
implementthemwithoutdelayandcommityourselvestosuchchanges.
69
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 2 (2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
During Personal Year Number 2, you might notice changes inyour child’s actions and emotions, as they
can appear to be more pensive and emotional. It can be easy for the relationships they have with their
family and friends to affect them, so they will need to be understanding and attentive in the way they
communicate with others. If you and your child have previously lacked connection or had difficulties
talking to each other, you should take advantage of this year’s energy to regain your connection with
them.Youmayneedtobepatientandgivethemenoughtimetorestoreemotionalbalanceandopenup
to you, but your understanding and respect will help them connect with you more easily. Sincerity and
lovearethepowerstheyneedtoresolveanymisunderstanding orpaintheymayhave.
70
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3 (2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 5 (4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
DuringPersonalMonth Number5,your child’slifewillbe veryeventful,asmanyopportunities for them
to experience new things andexpress themselves will appear, which they should readily accept. It’s also
easy for them to be influenced by their emotions, so they need to remain positive and avoid being too
emotional or letting negative energy get the best of them. This month will be very eventful, so when
opportunities toexperience newthings presentthemselves,youshouldletyourchildseizethemsothat
they have the chance to relax, enjoy themselves and recharge their energy. However, freedom must go
hand in hand with discipline, so you should teach them the habit of making to-do lists in order to avoid
over-exertingthemselves.
82
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 6 (5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 6, your child will be influenced by the energy of being caring and loving.
They should focus on learning how to be attentive to and taking care of others, and be ready to assist
anyone that needs their help. As they may struggle with adjusting or being responsible towards others’
needs, you should stay close and support them every step of the way. For instance, this is a good time for
youandyourchildto takecareoflovedones,or do houseworktogethertoconnectwithandbecaring and
lovingtowardseachother,whichwillbeextremelyhelpfultothemduringPersonalMonthNumber6.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 7 (6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
PersonalMonthNumber7isthetimeforyourchildtofocusonthingsthattheyareinterestedinorwant
to explore. During this period, being able to do so will help them be calm, happy, and regain balance,
which allows them to come up with new ideas that canimprove their life. Being independent and doing
things on their own might be a challenge for them, but life will inevitably demand these qualities from
them, so you should help your child develop them during Personal Month Number 7. Moreover, you
shouldspendthistimeaccompanyingthemintakingalookattheplanstheyhavefortheirstudyortheir
lifeinordertoseeifthereisanythingtheyneedtoadjustorrestructure.
84
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 8 (7/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child will feel energized. This is the time for them to wrap up the projects they
have started and focus on reaching the finish lines. Even the smallest effort will still be able to bring
concreteresults,soyoushouldmakesurethattheysetappropriateprioritiesfortheirpersonallife.
If there is anything your child has long wantedto do but never hadthe courage,time or opportunity to,
there is no better time to do it. However, they can only achieve results with enough inspiration and
motivation. Therefore, you need to support them in their efforts to reach their goals. Additionally, you
shouldgivethemenoughtimetorestandrelaxaftertheyhaveworkedorstudiedhard.
85
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9 (8/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 1
(age 0 - age 34)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodfor yourchildto prove themselvesandstandontheir ownfeetto improve every aspectof
theircareer.Theirwillpowerisgoingtobetestedbymanyhardshipsandchallenges.
During this period, your child must set clear goals for their life and fully commit themselves to reaching
them. Should they manage to accomplish this, they will be able to establish a career for themselves,
because Pinnacle Number 1 is very suitable for working independently or opening their own business. If
suitable resources and opportunities are available to them, they should be determined to launch a
company,storeorproduct.Shouldtheymanagetodoso,theirnextcycleisboundtobeagreatone.
Yourchildwillhavetolearntwomajorlifelessons,whichinclude“leadingthemselvesandleadingothers.”
No matter what role they might take in their career or personal life, there will be times when they are
given great responsibilities or the position of managing, leading and guiding others. They need to take
initiativeandbewillingtoassumethesedutiesbecausetheywillteachthemlessonsonleadership.During
Pinnacle Number 1, if they insist on declining responsibility, it’s very likely that they will experience the
challengesandlessonsofnumber1.
This is a time of revelations, new experiences, and challenges, which may occur in fields that your child is
unfamiliar with,butthey shouldtake all the opportunities theygetinorder to gainas muchexperience as
theycan.Duringthisperiod,theyneedto haveenoughwillpower anddeterminationtopursuetheir goals
inordertoachievethebestresults.Ifyoucanteachthemhowtosetgoalsandthinkindependentlyfroma
youngage,theywillbeabletoovercomeanyhardships.Thechallengestheyfacewillhelpthembuildself-
confidenceandhonetheirskills.
87
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 35 - age 43)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 9
(age 44 - age 52)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
YourchildisextremelyfortunatetohavethePinnacleNumber9intheirlifejourney,becausethisnumber
representstheconvergenceoftheothernumbers’mostwonderfulqualities:fame,wealthandhumanistic
values.
This is also a period when they will have the ability to expand their business abroad and establish great
international friendships. To be able to seize these opportunities, they must focus on learning new
languagesanddeveloping internationalcommunicationanddiplomaticskills.
Becomingaguide who delivers humanisticvaluesto the world will be awonderful missionthatyour child
needstofulfillduringaPinnacleNumber9.Theyshouldalsoactivelyengageinphilanthropic workorjoin
communities that create noble values. Encourage them to have a strong sense of responsibility and take
onleadershiprolesintheseactivitiesbecausetheywillcertainlyexcelintheirrole.
This is also the time for your child to figure out what actually makes them happy and then focus on it. If
they find satisfaction in creative self-expression, or wish to focus on their family or relationships, they
shouldinvestmoretimeinto theseareas.Thisisaveryspecialperiod,andiftheymanagetosetpriorities
appropriately, theywillbeabletorememberitwithabsolutefondnessinthefuture.
95
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 53 or later)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 4
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number4indicatesthatyourchildneeds tofocusonstudyinganddevelopingtheir expertise,
whichwillserveasthefoundation fortheirsuccess.
Additionally, they need to pay more attention to matters that require them to be detail-oriented and
meticulous, such as paperwork. Learning how to be disciplined and organized will help them overcome
thischallenge.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER- 6
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 6 is associated with your child’s responsibilities to their family. Your child must learn
howtomaintainbalancebetweenthemselves,theirfamilyandtheircareer.Theyshouldbemoreloving,
caringandempathetictowardsthosearoundthem.
Your child can sometimes have extremely high expectations for themselves and those around them. If
this is the case, they should try to be less judgmental, critical and demanding of themselves and others.
Instead, they should open up and communicate their thoughts in order to receive others’ affection and
understanding inreturn.Familyiswheretheyneedtobuildasolidfoundationfirst.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 3 (25/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Todayisawonderfuldaytounleashtheircreativity,communicationskillsandself-expression.Highenergy,
confidence,andhappinessarekeywordsforyourchild'spersonalday3.
They can participate in artistic activities such as playing musical instruments, painting, storytelling...
Moreover, you can encourage them to actively express themselves through communication and public
speakingactivities,aswellascreativeideas.
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 4 (26/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Todayisasuitabledaytofocusyourchildonthemselvesbycompletingunfinishedtasksandplanningtheir
ownstudyschedule.
They may prefer to stay at home today, and enjoy a quiet space and independent activities. You can
encourage them to tidy up their bedroom, complete their homework, and exercise through their favorite
sports.
Especiallywiththeenergyofdaynumber4,youshouldtalktoyourchildaboutcommitmentanddiscipline
fromthesmallestthings.
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 5 (27/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Unlikethecalmnessofdaynumber4,yourchildwillreceiveverywonderfulanddynamicenergyfromthe
universe.Today,theywillbeexcitedandactivelyparticipateinoutdooractivities.
Letthemexploretheworldaroundthemfreelyanddowhattheylove.Thiswillhelpstimulatetheirenergy
andcreativity.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
19. ATTITUDE NUMBER - 1
The Attitude Number describes how your child perceives everyday situations. This allows you to
guide them in choosing appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive
aspectsoflife.
Attitude number 1 reveals that your child is independent, proactive, and dislikes relying on others for
help. From their perspective, life brims with untapped potential awaiting discovery and exploration.
Theyalwaysbelieveinthemselvesandhavetheabilitytoovercomeanychallengesinlife.
At times, the child may be quite impulsive, not carefully considering the outcomes before acting. You
should cultivate their patience and analytical skills. Due to their high competitive spirit, preference for
proving personal opinion, and desire for recognition, you should acknowledge even their smallest
achievementsandencouragetheircontinuouslearning.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 44Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
20. KARMIC DEBT NUMBER – 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding significant
perseverance and determination from your child for surmounting. Successfully
navigating through these challenges will foster their robust development and
enhance theirresilienceonlife’sjourney.
Karmic Debt Number 19/1 indicates that your child needs to balance between
independence andcollaboration intheirdailylife.
To helpyour childcomplete this lesson, youshouldbecome companionsto assist them
in understanding the importance of unity and love within the community. They should
open upandbravely embrace assistancefrom others,rather thanattempting to handle
everything independently. Accordingly, they will gradually comprehend others’ needs
and opinions, as well as learn to harmonize their personal interests with those of the
community. As your child matures, these virtues will enable them to contribute
humanisticandmeaningfulvaluesforlife.
4
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 45Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
20. KARMIC DEBT NUMBER – 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding significant
perseverance and determination from your child for surmounting. Successfully
navigating through these challenges will foster their robust development and
enhance theirresilienceonlife’sjourney.
KarmicDebtNumber16/7indicatesthatyourchildneedstocultivatehumilityandlove
forpeople.
To help your child complete this lesson, you should nurture seeds of compassion and
benevolence instead of fostering discrimination or judgment. Accordingly, they will
learntolisten,respectandbegentlewithpeoplearoundthem.Additionally,youshould
encourage them to continuously learn and focus on positive values, avoiding
distractionsthatarenotconducivetopersonaldevelopment.Withakeenintuition,itis
very beneficial for them to explore the essence of life,thathelpsthem developasense
ofhumilityandloveforalllivingbeingsonEarth.
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 46Nguyễn Lan Linzy
07/12/2008
https://gein.vn/
21. GENERATION NUMBER - 1
TheGeneration Numberdescribes theenergyofyourchildandthose bornin
the same year. Accordingly, you can create suitable activities to foster their
personalgrowthanddevelop theirpeerrelationship.
Energy of Generation 1: Your child is very intelligent, individualistic, proactive
and independent. They are very happy when people support and follow their
creative ideas. They have the potential to become a talented leader in the
future. However, they need a suitable development environment to fully
developtheirabilities.
Suggestions for your child’s development: You should encourage their
children to solve problems and make decisions on their own. Moreover,
recognizing their efforts and giving timely praise will boost their motivation. It
is also essential for your child to participate in activities focused on pressure
managementandchangeadaptation.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 47