UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HAIATI NAWEED - 14/03/2008M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Haiati Naweed
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20080314LC6H1Q
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 4 1
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
8 4 5
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
6 2 1
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
8 3,6,7 13/4,14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
3 6 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
6,7,8,9,1 3,4,5,6,7 8,6,5,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
1,2,3 1 2,4,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
9
LIFE PATH
4
SOUL URGE
1 8
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
LIFE PATH NUMBER
9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
77 8 Keywords
• Have good intuition • Leadership spirit
1111 2222 3333
• Big heart, like to help
• Psychology and skill in
others
communication
• Tolerance, generosity and
altruism • Like to share and
spread human values
• Smart, intellectual
• Mature, dare to take • Comprehensive
responsibility capabilities
• Perfectionism, high
standards
Energy of Number 9
People with The Life Path Number of 9 are
compassionate and generous. Your humanity affects all
aspects of your life and self. You always strive to make a
positive difference in people's lives.
You are people of honor and can be trusted in everything.
You have almost no prejudice towards anyone. You have
complete integrity and never judge with bias or let your
emotions control you
With number 9 energy, you also have intuition and a good
way of perceiving people. You are often associated with
humanistic knowledge.
12HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and willing to participate in volunteer work
• Be compassionate and don't judge anything
• Rich in ideals and strong will
• Desire to inspire and help people become better
• Enthusiastic and always giving your best
• Live with strong gratitude
• Spirit of readiness for integration
Your weaknesses
• Manage negative thoughts, don't let painful experiences become obsessions
• Avoid being too controlling and imposing standards of perfection on
everything
• Eliminate fear and stop focusing on the shortcomings of yourself and others
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Many ideas and wholehearted service
• High standards, always aiming for the best
results
• Ready to shoulder the responsibility and
spirit of a leader
• Ability to share and motivate your team
Advice
• Sometimes you need to relax and give yourself time to rest
• Share and guide instead of control
• Accepting failure is necessary to learn lessons and move
forward
• Leadership role model: leader with a big heart
13HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are generous and willing to open your
heart to help people
• Friendly and radiates a warm
• Delicate, attentive to the other person's
feelings and experiences
• Share and help others become better
• Can provide psychological counseling and
healing
Được người khác tôn trọng
Advice
Sometimes you are impatient with people who are slow or make mistakes, tending to
trust no one but yourself. However, be patient and play your important role in helping
those around you become better versions of themselves. Accompanying and leading
with your heart, that will be the key to helping you always maintain good relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 9
 With the energy of number 9, you were born to become a spiritual leader, capable of
both intellectually and spiritually enlightening others. Believe in your own abilities,
cultivate the three roots of morality - intelligence - willpower, to truly be able to give
humane values to millions of people.
 People with The Life Path Number 9 may be very successful materially, but money,
wealth or power are never your biggest concern or goal. All are premises and tools to
help you achieve the greatest success in life, helping people and society become
more better and civilized.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 9 is expressed in indifference,
individualism, pragmatism, lack of sophistication and scrutiny of others. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you absorb human
values, from which you can be inspired and positively change. Only then can you
confidently walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path Number 9 include jobs in which they can help
others or bring people together, such as charity work, social welfare, public service ,
government jobs, doctors, nurses, veterinarians and any other support jobs,
musicians, artists, teachers, ambassadors or jobs related to education, humanities .
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a spiritual leader, have the ability to
open up wisdom and enlighten
the lives of others
15HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
1
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
to become a LEADER and a PIONEER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny
• Self-awareness and constant self-development
• Independent spirit and a strong sense of responsibility
• Logical thinking, perseverance and unwavering determination to pursue goals
• Courage, willingness to be different, and continuous innovation
• Ability to provide direction and lead others
Message for you
Your destiny is closely tied to the word “leadership”; however, you must first learn to “lead
yourself” by building a strong belief in your potential and continuously upgrading yourself.
You should courageously step outside the comfort zone to immerse yourself in unique
experiences that reflect your true essence. Being open to listening and sharing your ideas
with others are also very beneficial. Empathetic communication will help you inspire and
guide others to achieve their goals.
16HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
8
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Learn to balance your work, family and personal needs
• Engage in business and financial activities to understand the value of money
• Maintain positive energy and inspire others
• Enhance management and leadership skills
• Appreciate your efforts and be proud of yourself
17HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
4
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for certainty and stability.
• You require everything to be clear, detailed,
procedural and data-driven.
• You always want everything to be under your
control.
• You uphold honesty and loyalty in relationships.
• You aspire to be a strong support for those around
you, especially your family.
Favorite workplaces
• Prioritize discipline and commitment
• Have a clear organizational structure and
process
• Create opportunities to develop specialized skills
and knowledge
Suitable relationships
• Provide a sense of stability, reliability and safety
• Connect with genuine, responsible and growth
mindset individuals
• Build on respect, trust, commitment and practicality
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
BALANCE NUMBER 4
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Thoroughly analyze all aspects to
identify the core of the problem
• Always base decisions on reason,
objectivity and clarity
• Have unwavering perseverance and
relentlessly pursue your goals
Things to keep in mind:
• Balance logic with emotional and
intuitive factors for flexibility
• Avoid excessive stubbornness, be
open to seize good opportunities
• Use time effectively when researching
and delving into problems
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require tailoring outcome standards
to the specific situation. You should step outside your comfort zone to gain valuable
experience as well.
20HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 5
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Energetic and good at creating a lively atmosphere
• Passionate about freedom, adventure and discovery
• Optimistic, exuberant, appreciative of beauty and
perfection
Natural abilities
• Flexibility, unique creativity and diverse talents
• Extraordinary courage in the face of adversity
• Excellent sales and persuasion skills
The environment for your talent development
Creativity and Continuous Ethical standards and
experience innovation discipline
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONALITY NUMBER 6
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an affectionate person.
• You are a warm, kind and gentle person.
• You are thoughtful and attentive to others from the smallest details.
• People feel safe and understood when sharing their stories with you.
• You are sensitive and easily absorb others' negative emotions.
• You are always willing to help others in the best way you can.
You must love in a way that makes the person you love feel free.
- Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh -
22HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
MATURITY NUMBER
1
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Stay committed to your goals to reach new heights
• Expand your innovative knowledge to demonstrate your capabilities
• Develop leadership skills based on both results and empathy
• Be more open to new opinions to broaden connections with others
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Walk your own path; there will be hardships and challenges, but
sweet rewards will come after persistent efforts.’’
24HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
ATTITUDE NUMBER 8
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You see life from a practical perspective and often evaluate issues based on their
benefits.
• You can recognize potential business opportunities in everyday life.
• You are a visionary and often evaluate things in the overall context.
• When encountering challenges, whether fearful or stumbling, you never give up but
keep moving forward.
• You are straightforward, genuine and clear-headed. You dislike anything vague or
beating around the bush.
25HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Optimistic and positive outlook on life
• Enthusiastic, humorous and high-energy
• Flexible, skillful and engaging communication
• Intelligent and imaginative
• Inspiring others through words
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Learn to manage and regulate your emotions
• Nurture right beliefs and optimism in life
• Surround yourself with positive people
• Create various fun activities that bring joy to yourself and others
• Improve communication skills such as active listening, flexible body language, and
expressing clear opinions
26HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
27HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 7
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Logical thinking and comprehensive analytical skills
• Excellent concentration, memory and research ability
• Contemplation and self-cultivation
• Right belief and faith
• Broad vision and strategic thinking
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-learning and knowledge research skills
• Learn to observe and analyze the essence of phenomena in life
• Practice universal laws (Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Attraction, gratitude, etc.)
• Cultivate your empathy and self-reflection abilities
• Develop strategic thinking and goal-setting abilities
28HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
29HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
3
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a newly random way of
thinking, sometimes a bit unusual.
• You tend to choose challenging
methods and unique approaches.
• Sometimes your way of thinking is
influenced by emotional factors.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall
overview.
• You need to clearly analyze each
option before making a choice.
30HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
31HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
32HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
33HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
4
Pinnacle 4
(age 46 - age 54)
Pinnacle 3
(age 37 - age 45)
5
8 6
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 27) (age 28 - age 36)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
34HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 27)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 8
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop a secure financial foundation and lay
the groundwork for your own business in the future.
Build financial foundation
• Life offers valuable opportunities for you to leverage monetary and material
resources.
• Always be honest, work diligently, and make wise decisions to build a strong
financial foundation and achieve success in life.
Develop career opportunities
• You will have opportunities to develop professional and leadership skills, to make
positive contributions to companies or organizations, and advance to positions of
authority.
• You have time to plan, identify areas of expertise, create unique business models,
and move towards starting your own company.
35HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Sensitivity: During this period, you face rapid changes in emotions, so you may be
skeptical of yourself, and overly worried about the future.
• Balance loss: Life requires you to regulate many aspects at the same time, but you
may not be able to adapt quickly to change, so you gradually lose balance.
• Emotional chaos: You often face a chain of emotional challenges, going along with
your growth and maturity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Well-managed emotions: Facing emotional challenges, you must learn how to
adapt and manage your emotions to maintain psychological stability and build
good relationships with others.
• Time management: By focusing on what's truly important and meaningful, you can
ensure that your time and energy are invested in worthwhile things
36HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 28 - age 36)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 6
This marks an important transition from youthful independence to taking responsibility for
both family and work. During this period, you often encounter many opportunities related to
family and personal responsibilities.
Prioritize family time
• You have the opportunity to build a happy family, create a cozy space for children,
and support each other in all aspects.
• The role of being a parent provides opportunities to develop time and resource
management skills, making you more confident in building a good educational
foundation for the next generation.
Balance between work and personal life
• You need to proactively manage your time effectively, creating a positive working
environment while maintaining stability in the family.
• This helps you avoid stress, have time to love yourself, and spread love to others.
Service and share love
• You can choose to participate in social activities, from volunteering to community
projects, contributing to the positive development of society and enjoying the
meaningfulness of life.
37HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Fear of adapting to change or unknown or uncertain things
• Stiffness in old habits leads to finding it difficult to escape your comfort zone
• Difficulty shouldering financial responsibilities, such as managing debt or taking on
new financial responsibilities, leading to stress and anxiety.
• Lack of flexibility by an excessive focus on firm organizational processes and
discipline
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to be open to new opportunities: that is the way to help you grow and have
experiences creating success.
• Invest time in financial research: This will help you better understand how
investment and saving are in accordance with your goals.
• Study and cultivate to become an expert: By reading books, researching, and
learning from someone with experience.
• Practice flexibility in decision-making: Navigating different situations in life
requires a willingness to change, to learn from experience, and to not be afraid of
failure.
38HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 37 - age 45)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 5
This is the pinnacle cycle where you step out of your comfort zone to embrace new
relationships, experiences, and dare to be different while unleashing your unique creativity.
Build new and diverse relationships
• Life will provide you with opportunities to continue expanding your life experiences
with various groups of people and explore the world around you.
• You will improve your communication skills with others and meet many new people.
• The opportunity to promote your personal image and learn to adapt to changes is
also a highlight of this pinnacle cycle.
Create and innovate
• You need to harness your breakthrough creativity to avoid being left behind.
• Listen to your soul and understand what your mission in life is. Give yourself the
chance to explore new things, step out of your comfort zone, and refresh your life.
Pursue goals relentlessly
• Always maintain perseverance when pursuing your life's biggest goals.
Opportunities will always come with many challenges, and the lesson for you is
about discipline and self-control.
• There will be conflicts arising, so you need to stay away from things you know are
wrong or unethical.
39HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
40HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 46 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 4
In this pinnacle cycle, life will provide you with opportunities to cultivate discipline,
diligently train your body, mind, and spirit to continue moving forward.
Become a professional expert in a field
• You use your accumulated knowledge to train thousands of people,
• leading them to happier lives.
• Achieving personal success and creating meaningful value for the community.
Learn the lessons of life discipline
• Discipline contributes to increasing work efficiency, managing time better, building
healthy living habits, boosting confidence, and sharpening the mind.
• You also need to let those around you know the importance of discipline so that you
can give more value.
Make a Detailed planning for every effort
• This pinnacle cycle is suitable for slowing down and making solid plans.
• You have the opportunity to calmly sit down to ponder, rearrange priorities for tasks
that need to be done.
41HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with balancing emotions
• Be sensitive and lack confidence because you care too much about what
other people think about you
• Take on too much responsibility and do not have time for yourself
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be brave in facing your feelings: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and
family, or join a support group to enhance your positive energy, helping you
overcome negative emotions.
• Learn to say “No" firmly if you don't want to do something: You should analyze
and consider the appropriateness of assigned tasks and responsibilities so that
you do not become overloaded.
42HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
43HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
44HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
45HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
46HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
47HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
48HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
50HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
51HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
53HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
54HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
55HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
56HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
57HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
58HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
59HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62HAIATI NAWEED
14/03/2008
CONCLUSION
Dear Haiati Naweed
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
63