Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Parents,
Congratulations on obtaining the Kid Talent Map - a navigation map
exclusively designed for your child Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin . This map will
serve as a compass that enables you to unlock your child's future and guide
them towards the destiny that life has given them.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree”. The
family and the surrounding environment play a crucial role in shaping your
child's personality and nurturing their potential. With your proper guidance,
they will better understand themselves and have greater goals to strive for,
instead of becoming confused and disoriented in life.
The numbers in Kid Talent Map will help you identify your child’s talents,
lessons and mission that the universe sent with them when they were born.
Accordingly, you can chart a course for their development and accompany
them on their journey towards adulthood. Following the right direction, they
will be met with glorious success every step of the way.
For this very reason, we have devoted great efforts to the Kid Talent Map
tool with the desire to help you activate your child’s true potential and
create the ideal conditions for their development. Thank you for putting
your trust in Kid Talent Map on your journey to build a bright and prosperous
future for your child.
Sincerely,
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 2Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
WHAT IS KID TALENT MAP?
Kid Talent Map is a scientific tool that provides 21 numbers to help
guide young talents and their parents on the path to success.
Recognizing that proper education and a suitable development
environment are fundamental to shaping a happy child, we have
devoted great efforts to this special product with highly personalized
guidance.
This tool is the result of combining Pythagorean Numerology with Map
for Success. We have analyzed over 200,000 Maps for Success of our
clients in Vietnam and dedicated thousands of hours to researching child
development and parenting methods. Afterwards, we surveyed many
parents to validate our findings and assess practical application.
VALUE OF KID TALENT MAP
Kid Talent Map empowers parents to:
• Understand: The first step to successful parenting is understanding your child. Kid
Talent Map helps you identify their strengths, weaknesses, abilities and values.
• Analyze: Once you comprehend your child, you can determine the right parenting
approach. This allows you to set goals aligned with their values and strengths. The
tool provides a step-by-step process to help them achieve these goals.
• Act: Goals are not enough. You need to create a specific, realistic and achievable
action plan to help them develop on the right track.
• Commit: You should maintain a learning spirit and tailor your parenting style to your
child. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you on your
journey of wise parenting.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 3Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
8 2 2
LIFE PATH NUMBER BALANCE NUMBER DESTINY NUMBER
The big picture of the strengths that
Destiny, power and other special
A child’s attitude when facing parents can exploit to help your
things in a child’s characteristic.
challenges in life children succeed
Points parents need to pay attention
to in the process of raising children
6 8 5
LIFE PATH – DESTINY SOUL URGE NUMBER BIRTHDAY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
Traits, areas of expertise, or skills
Bridge between the person your Desire hidden in your child’s soul that your child needs to develop and
child wants to be and who he really and the reasons after his actions will succeed if he involves in his
is whole life
3 5 1
SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY NUMBER MATURITY NUMBER
CONNECTION NUMBER
First impression or feelings of others Image, aspirations and goals of child
Bridge between the true desire
on your child, and the outer way in the most energetic period in life
within your childe and the image of
your child behaves from 30-40 years old
your child in the eyes of others
5 1,2 14/5
ATTITUDE NUMBER KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
NUMBER
The way your child perceives Lessons your child needs to conquer
Weaknesses that parents can help
everyday situations to perfect himself
their child remedy
1
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 4Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
4 7 3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER
Your child’s thinking and decision- The traits that parents should help Special skills, hobbies, passions and
making style from childhood to their child to face and deal with the desire of your child when doing
adulthood problems in life something
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,8,4,3
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE NUMBER
NUMBER NUMBER
Changes that may happen in the Changes that may happen in the The level of maturity, responsibility,
next few years that parents can find next few months that parents can comprehension capability,
the ways to educate and find the ways to educate and important events in each stage of
communicate with their child communicate with their child your child's life
8,9,1 3 4,2,2,6
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION NUMBER CHALLENGE NUMBER
NUMBER
Big problems that your child has to
Your child’s energy during the day The energy of your child and those face and the way parents can help
helps parents suggest appropriate born in the same year. your child overcome difficulties
activities for them
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 5Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Numerology. It paints a comprehensive
pictureofyourchild’spersonality,strengthsandweaknesses,andtheobstaclesthey may encounter
in life. The moment they came into this world, their life journey had already been “encoded” into
their date of birth. Therefore, the Life Path Number is an accurate reflection of the difficulties they
mustovercomeandtheopportunitiestheycannotaffordtomiss.
Thisisthe uniquegiftthattheuniverse hasblessedyourchildwith,therefore,you mustunderstand
this number thoroughly to enable them to take full advantage of their strengths, remedy their
shortcomings,andovercomethechallenges theyaredestinedtoface.
COMMONTRAITS
Number 8 represents the leadership spirit, administrative capabilities and a balance between the
spiritualandmaterialworlds.Yourchildcaresdeeplyaboutqualityoflife,lovesbeautyandalwaysaims
forhighstandards.Theyarereceptivetobusinessandmoney-makingopportunitiesfromayoungage.
They are independent, outspoken and unafraid to speak their mind. They take initiatives in making
decisions and assuming responsibility for what they are supposed to do. They particularly like making
their own choices in personal matters such as what to eat, wear or learn. Highly conscious about
ownership, they dislike it when others touch their personal belongings and are rarely influenced by
whatpeoplethink.
Your childisexcellentatcoordinating,guiding andmanagingpeople. Inafriendgroup,they tendto be
the coordinator who assigns tasks to the other members and urges them to do their jobs. They learn
quicklyandreplicatewell;theycanlearnhowtodosomethingjustbywatching.
36
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 6Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
STRENGTHS
Your child has great aesthetic tastes, knows how to enjoy themselves and prefers using fancy, high-
quality products. They become aware of the concept of values from a young age; they recognize that
good things in life must be exchanged with effort or intellect. Thanks to this awareness, they are very
perceptivetobusinessopportunitiesandusuallythinkaboutwhattheywillgainfromaninvestmentor
action.Theycancomeupwithmanybusinessideasandareveryeagertoturnthemintoreality.
Your child is self-reliant and has great leadership skills. Their positive energy, decisiveness and
administrative talents help them attract many of their friends into their circle. People put their trust
into your child’s intelligence, sense of responsibility and adaptability. They learn very quickly by
modeling after and copying other people, but tend to consider the overarching principles instead of
payingattentiontodetails.
WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR
From a young age, your child has high standards for everything around them; if they do not like
something, they will be vocal about it and refuse to use it. If you overindulge them and satisfy their
every need, they can easily become demanding and selfish. More importantly, it will be difficult for
them to be successful if their life is too peaceful and comfortable. Number 8 is associated with
challenges and ups and downs, so the more difficulties they have to overcome, the more mature they
willbeandthebrighter theywillshine.
Yourchild’stendencytoalwayshavetheirbestinterestsinmindinwhatevertheydocanleadthemto
become materialistic and calculating. They can sometimes be hasty and overconfident, and only copy
behaviors on a surface level without giving it much thought and paying attention to details. They are
quitesensitivetoexternalfactorsandcanreactviolentlywhenthingsdonotgotheirway.
37
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 7Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
ACTIVATING YOUR CHILD’S POTENTIAL
You should allow your child to be independent and make their own decisions in their personal affairs.
At the same time, you should also teach them about making sacrifices; they need to understand that
there will be many situations where they cannot have everything they want. Because they have great
aesthetic tastes, you can accompany them in taking care of their own appearance as well as those of
otherfamilymembers.Aniceappearancewillhelpthembemoreconfidentandhaveagreaterchance
tosucceed.
You can also enable them to take on leadership roles in school activities to develop their ability to
guide and coordinate others. If possible, you should also allow them to try doing business and
managing finances at a capacity suitable for their age, which will teach them how to earn and spend
moneysensibly.Moreover,youcanconsiderrewardingthemwithvaluablegiftswhentheyachieveset
goals,andencouragethemtosharetheirmaterialpossessionswiththoselessfortunate.
38
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 8Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
01. LIFE PATH NUMBER - 8
KEY CHARACTERISTICS
• Perceptive and has great business skills
• Has clear awareness of values
• Has potential in the areas of leadership, administration, management and resource utilization
• Excellent at replicating and copying
• Flexible, skillful and adaptable
• Has a strong personality, frank and outspoken
• Has high standards, hard to please
• Values appearance, loves beauty
LESSON
Life Path Number 8 indicates that your child must learn how to become an entrepreneur with
great ambitions, visions and willpower.
39
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 9Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
02. BALANCE NUMBER - 2
Eachpersonreactsintheirownwaytothehardshipsandobstaclesintheirlife.OurBalanceNumber
tells us the best approach to dealing with these situations. Specifically, this number will reveal the
most difficult moments of your child’s life and point out in what way they should utilize their skills
and resources to overcome those moments. As their parents, you should understand and use this
number to helpthem be as prepared as possible forallthe ups and downs that they aregoing to go
throughintheirlife.
Your child has the ability to solve almost any problem thanks to their excellent diplomatic skills and
charisma. In many situations, they are willing to sacrifice their own needs to achieve harmony and
agreement between all parties. However, they are sometimes influenced by other people’s opinions
and unable to make decisions on their own, which can make them feel insecure and demotivated.
Therefore,youshouldteachthem howtoremaincalmandtrusttheirinstinctsinimportantsituations.
On one hand, they need to be clear-headed to avoid being influenced by others; on the other hand,
they must listen to their heart in order to find the most appropriate solution that can balance the
interestsofeverypartyinvolved.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 10Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
03. DESTINY NUMBER - 2
The second most important number in Numerology, the Destiny Number reveals the strengths and
weaknesses that your child was born with. By fully harnessing their strengths and rectifying their
weaknesses, they will be able to fulfill the destiny given to them by the universe and become the
best version of themselves. Your role as their parents is accompanying them in exploring,
experimenting with and activating the powers of their Destiny Number in order to help them be
prepared fortheirfuturelifeandcareer.
Your child’s destiny is to learn how to be protective, loving and caring towards others. Kind-hearted
and sentimental, they easily empathize with those less fortunate, whether it is someone they
personally know or not. Thanks to their sensitivity, intuition and compassion, they can easily sense
others’feelings,whichallowsthemtoconnectwith,comfortandmotivatepeople,aswellastoresolve
the conflicts and tension in the environment around them. If they grow up in a peaceful and loving
environment,theywillbe abletofully harnesstheirabilitytotakecareof,protectandhealthosewho
aresufferingeitherphysicallyoremotionally.
Your child likes quietude and dislikes any environment where there is a lot of noise or conflicts. Their
excellent communication skills will make it easy for them to persuade and work with other people,
whichmakesthemagreatteamplayer.However,theyneedtolearnhowtobalancethebestinterests
of others with their personal happiness, and to avoid hurting themselves to please others. They also
needtolearnhowtovaluetheirtime,resourcesandenergy,andtotrustinpeople’sabilitytotakecare
of themselves. They are highly perceptive but paying too much attention to details may make them
missthebiggerpicture.Focusingoninsignificantdetailsisalsothereasonwhytheyoftenstrugglewith
making decisions, especially important ones. Therefore, you should guide them on how to analyze
situationsandmakesensibledecisionstopreventthemfrommissingoutongoodopportunities.
66
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 11Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
04. LIFE PATH – DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER - 6
This number reveals what your child must do and what qualities they must develop in order to learn
theirlifelessonandfulfilltheirdestiny.
Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 6 indicates that your child should spread their warmth, which
always exists in their heart, to everyone around them. They must start by loving themselves, then
expresstheirlovetoeveryoneelseintheirfamily,andfinallyspreadthislovewherevertheygo.
By doing this, they are sowing the seeds of love in everyone, which will help them always feel warm
insideandreceivelovefromeveryoneinreturn.Theyshouldalwaysknowhowtogivepeopleloveinthe
rightway,eitherbysayingitoutloudortakingactionsthattheydeemnecessary.
Additionally,LifePath–DestinyConnectionNumber6isalsoareminderthatyourchildshouldusetheir
creativity and spend time and effort to consider if there is any better solution to the task at hand. By
doing this, they will find that their heart is always open, which allows them to connect with and inspire
others.
You should activate the power of Life Path – Destiny Connection Number 6 in your child by practicing
these activities withthem.The metric thatyour childwill needto work onthroughouthis lifeto achieve
successandhappiness.
83
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 12Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
05. SOUL URGE NUMBER - 8
The Soul Urge Number reveals the motive behind your child’s actions, the decisions they make, as
wellasthewaytheyreacttothethingsandpeoplearoundthem.
This is a very important number because it lets you know the reason for your child’s desires and
dissatisfaction,andpointsoutwhatkindofpaththeyshouldtaketoachieve success.
Soul Urge Number 8 indicates that your child is strong, courageous and ambitious. They are drawn to
power and want to do everything on a grand scale. They are willing to study and work hard to reach
their goals, do not shy away from competition and challenges, and have great evaluation skills which
helps them learn from their mistakes. As a result, they have the potential to take on management or
leadership roles and shoulder great responsibilities. They like frankness and dislike ambiguity, so they
tendtobeirritatedbyanythingthatisunclearbecausethetruthisofutmostimportancetothem.
However,yourchildoftenwantstofulfilltheirdreams,especiallyfinancialones,somuchthattheyare
willingto do anything to make themcometrue. Sometimes,they canlose patience andtake shortcuts
because of how fast they want to realize their dreams. You should teach them not to be so single-
mindedinthe pursuitofmoney,successorpower thattheirambitionsspiraloutoftheircontrol.They
willalsoneedtolearnhowtocooperatewithothers.
93
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 13Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
06. BIRTHDAY NUMBER - 5
TheBirthdayNumbertellsyouwhatyourchild’s natural talentsare,andwhatgiftstheUniverse has
blessedtheirpersonalitywithonthedaytheywereborn.
This numberwill also reveal what kind of person your child wants other people to perceive them as
whencommunicating orworkingwiththem.
Understanding your child’s Birthday Number, you will know which environment can enable them to
fullyharnesstheirwonderful qualities.
Birthday Number 5 indicates that your child is flexible and adaptable, and can always come up with
innovative ideas. Quick-witted and intelligent, they can make friends and become close to them very
easily. Moreover, they are full of positive energy, learn quickly and use their imagination very
effectively. Therefore, you should incorporate play into the way they learn and use pictures to teach
themsothattheydonotbecomebored.
Possessing superior speed, agility, cooperative skills and flexibility, your child loves adventures and
action, and has the potential to become astar in nearly any type of sports. Their natural charisma also
makes them a gifted salesman. However, your child’s need for freedom and drive to discover and
experience new things will lead them to spend a lot of time away from home, which is something you
mightbeconcernedabout.
HavingBirthdayNumber5,yourchildisveryresourceful,cancompletetasksextremelyquickly,andwill
neverredosomethinginthesamewayastheyoncedid.However,thisalsomeansthattheymightlack
patience, always pick the quickest route and dislike rigid schedules. Their biggest challenge is the
tendency to adopt unhealthy habits such as alcohols, gambling, sex and drugs. Therefore, you need to
teach them healthy habits even when they are still young, and help them learn how to resist the
temptationtoexperiencefrivolouspleasuresandtocontroltheneedtoseekthrillingsensations.
102
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 14Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
07. PERSONALITY NUMBER - 3
The Personality Number reveals what kind of impression your child makes on others when they first
meet them. In other words, it describes the energy or personality traits that they are projecting to the
world.
People’sfirstimpressionofyourchildisthattheyareanapproachableandoutgoingpersonwhoisalways
cheerful and has a great sense of humor. These qualities help them make a lasting impression on others
from the first encounter. In group activities, they always try to connect with everyone. Having this
PersonalityNumbermakesiteasyforthemtoestablishrelationships.
People with Personality Number 3 pay a lot of attention to the way they appear to others. Before going
out, your child usually takes great care of their appearance and wants to showcase their fashion style,
which is anything that makes them feel comfortable and fits their tastes. They also constantly want to
express themselves and therefore always take initiative in everything they do and frequently stand out
amongacrowd.
Your child readily lets people know who they are even from the first time they meet because they always
wanttotakeonanactive roleinrelationships.Thiswillbeverybeneficialtotheminthefuturewhen they
aresearchingforcareeropportunities.
PeoplewithPersonalityNumber3neverhidewhotheyareandinsteadwanttoshowcaseeverytalentthey
have.ThisPersonalityNumberwillbringyourchildmoreopportunitiesthanothersbecauseofthepositive
impressionstheycanmakeonothers.
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 15Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
08. SOUL URGE – PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER - 5
Your child always has certain views regarding themselves, and people also have their own views
regarding your child based on the signals they are sending to the outside world. The Soul Urge –
Personality ConnectionNumber serves as a bridge between your child’s actual inner desires and how
othersperceivethem.Italsogivesthempointersonhowtoadjustthewaytheyareincasetheywish
tochangehowtheypresentthemselvestoothers.
Thisnumberindicatesthatyourchildshouldbecomemoreflexibleandcreativeinrelationshipsorwhen
appearinginfrontofothers.Eventhoughjoyfulnessandpositivitywillhelpthemattracttheattentionof
others, they also need to be responsible for the opinions they express, and avoid changing their mind
constantly when communicating with those around them. This will help them have more self-respect
and others will also respect them more. Your child should demonstrate confidence, enthusiasm and
flexibility in every communication opportunity. Sometimes, they also need to get over the desire to
maintaintheiropinionsandavoidsituationswheremisunderstandingscanarise.Theyshoulddetermine
whatisimportantandwillhelpthemachievesuccess.
15
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 16Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
09. MATURITY NUMBER - 1
The Maturity Number reveals what your child should do and what they should focus on in order to
advancetheircareertothebestoftheirabilitiesduringthemostproductiveperiodoftheirlife,which
isfromtheageof30to35.
Maturity Number 1 indicates that during this period, your child must be independent and confident
enough to stand on their own feet due to many hardships and challenges that will appear during this
time.Theyneedto bematureandindependentinthe waytheythink,andhavefullconfidence inevery
decisiontheymake.
All of this will provide them with the resources they need to reach their goals and strive towards a
certain ideal. Having Maturity Number 1 means they must be ready to assume a leadership role. When
life brings them opportunities, they should take initiative in taking on their mission and responsibility
withintheirorganizationorintheirpersonallife.
Your child will need to quickly identify goals and take actions to complete any tasks they have because
they are opportunities for them to prove themselves. If they have any intention to open their own
businessorimplementanewbusinessmodel,theyshouldbepreparedtogetstarted.
Maturity Number 1 demands great efforts, hard work and a strong sense of responsibility from your
child. They will also need to learn more about management and leadership. The challenges that come
with this period will help them reach new career heights, and many opportunities and rewards will be
awaitingthem.
19
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 17Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 1
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 1 indicates that your child might have low self-confidence, procrastinate
regularly and lack initiative. You should enable them to express their views and opinions, and to find
thesolutionandmakethedecisionontheirownwhenfacingaproblem.
Youalsoneedtoencouragethemnottoprocrastinate;andteachthemthevalueoftheinitialthoughts
andactions,workingindependentlyandleadershipskills.Youcanallowthemtogetajobfromayoung
ageinordertolearnhowtostandontheirowntwofeet.
31
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 18Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
10. KARMIC LESSON NUMBER - 2
TheKarmicLessonNumberrevealstheattributesandcompetenciesthatyourchildwasnotnaturally
gifted with when they came to this world. Understanding these shortcomings, you can make efforts
tomitigatetheirimpactontheimportantstagesoftheirlife.
The absence of number 2 indicates that your child might suffer from one of two problems: being too
sensitive to the criticisms and feelings of other people, or being completely apathetic to them. They
must learn how to love and accept themselves, and the importance of being cooperative, diplomatic
andconsiderateinordertofindhappinessintheirlifeinthefuture.
As number 2 is associated with statistics and details, the lack of this number can also mean that your
childtends to dislike or evenavoiddoing their homework,especiallyinsubjects thatrequire expertise
or specialized knowledge. If this is the case, you should not reprimand them and instead allow them
timetoplayandrelaxafterstudying,thenhelpthemwiththehomeworkorfindthematutor.
32
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 19Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
11. RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER – 4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which your child thinks and makes decisions
from a young age to their adulthood. More specifically, this number represents how their brain
operates and does not change throughout their life. It helps to further explain how your child thinks
about a given problem before making a decision. It also explains their action criteria, and
demonstrates thesolutionsandopportunitiesineachoftheirdecisions.
Rational Thought Number 4 indicates that the decisions your child makes are often very
practical. They do not make quick decisions, and instead think carefully, study available
information and data thoroughly, then evaluate the potential solution. They always want to
havethedatareadybeforemakingthedecision.
Such a data-driven, assured and safe way of thinking sometimes means that when your child
hasinsufficientinformation,makingdecisionsisoftentime-consumingordifficult.
43
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 20Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
12. SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER – 7
The Subconscious Self Number is a source of data hidden deep within your child that is not under the
influence of their thoughts and brain, but has a strong impact on the decisions they make. It does not
manifest itself outwardly and is not easily observable, but they will feel its influence after becoming an
adult.Harnessingthepowerofthisnumberwillbethekeytohelpingyourchildovercometheobstacles
anddifficultiestheyaregoingtoencounter inlife.
Subconscious SelfNumber7indicatesthatyour childcanharnessthe power ofintuition whenitcomesto
assessingthepeopleandproblemsintheirlife.Aslongastheycanremaincalmandclear-headed,theywill
beabletofindtheoptimalsolution.
To help your child utilize the power of Subconscious Self Number 7, you should encourage them to focus
onandactivelythinkabouttheir problems,identify andanalyzetheoptimalsolution,aswellasvisualizea
mental picture of what the desired results might look like. They should keep their eyes on the most
positive outcomes even when they will be difficult to achieve, as away to employ the law of attraction to
manifestpositiveresultsnomattertheproblemtheyarefacing.
57
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 21Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
13. HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER - 3
The Hidden Passion Number reveals your child’s interests and desires that,
when satisfied, will motivate them to fully harness their talents, strengths,
andinnerresourcestoreachthegoalstheyhaveinlife.
Your child always wants to share and express their views on everything they
encounter.Talkativeandenergetic,theyfeelhappywhenhavingconversations
or speaking their mind, and even more so when their advice is well received.
Maintaining positive energy and emotional balance will help them bring joy
andmotivationtothosetheyinteractwith.
The way your child dresses and talks exude wittiness, a sense of humor and
exceptional intelligence, all of which constitute their charm in the eyes of
others. Their ability to share information and instruct people enables them to
teachtheirskillstoanyoneinaneffectivemanner.
62
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 22Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 3 (2023)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 3 will be the time for your childto showcase how dynamic and creative they are
through acts of self-expression. If the opportunities for them to do so present themselves, you should
encourage themtoseizethemsothatthey havethe chancetoshareknowledge with,guide, teach,and
bring positive energy to their friends and family. Being active and expressing themselves will help them
feelhappyandharnessthepowerthatPersonalYearNumber3bestowsonthem.However,youshould
payattentiontotheirpersonalfeelingsinordertohelpthemmaintainbalanceandavoidgoingtoofar.
71
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 23Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 4 (2024)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
Personal Year Number 4 will be the time for your child to restructure their plans, become more
organizedandprincipled,andtostudyorworkhard.Youshouldtakeadvantageofthisyear’senergyby
lettingthemtakeacourseorclassthattheyareinterestedinandfindingthemasuitableteachersothat
theycandeveloptheirabilitiesandcompetencies.
This is agoodtime for your childto setgoals for their study thanks to the energy of concentration. You
should teach them how to reorganize personal plans and systemize the knowledge they have learned,
which will give them the ability to think logically and compile data. These skillscanalso be usedin their
everyday life so that they can develop healthy habits, become self-disciplined and reinforce their
commitmenttoeverygoalandplan.
72
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 24Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 5 (2025)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
PersonalYearNumber5willbefullofenergy,ideas,creativity,changesandjoysforyourchild.Theywill
experience more things and have an increased need to socialize. They can also be quite emotional so
you should help them maintain positive energy. Give them goals that, when achieved, will enable them
to harness number 5’s intense energy, and activate changes and flexibility they need. Right at the start
oftheyear,youshouldhelpthemenvisionthegoalstheywanttoachieveandvisualizethebestversion
of themselves, then remind them of these images throughout the year so that they can maintain focus
anddoeverything ittakestoreachtheirgoals.
73
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 25Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 6 (2026)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber6,yourchildwill needtofocusonconnecting withtheirfamily.Theymay
want to be more intimate with family members and enjoy displaying affection. You should determine
whether they have formed intimate bonds with other family members. If not, this will be the year for
you and your child to remedy this together. Taking care of loved ones, your home and pets will be
suitableexperiencesinPersonalYear6.Youshouldaccompanytheminsettingprioritiesandurgethem
notto bother themselves with people’s reactions. In short,this will be ayear for your childto take care
of themselves andimprove their relationships with those they love. Youshouldalso teachthem how to
perceivepeople’sneedsandprovidethemwithanyhelptheyneed.
When your child is loving to others, they will receive love in return, so you should be encouraging
whenever they do good deeds. Instead of putting pressure on them, you should accompany them and
listentotheirneeds.
74
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 26Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
14. PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER – 7 (2027)
ThePersonalYearNumbertellsusthechangesthatwilloccurwithinagivenyear.Eachindividualwill
be influenced by a certain energy; how strongly your child is going to feel this influence depends on
their age. Generally, this will be not only the energy they radiate, but also the energy they want to
receive.Therefore,youcanusewhatyouaregoingtolearnaboutthisnumbertoprovideguidancefor
and communicate with them, thereby helping them live a peaceful and happy life throughout the
year.
TheinfluenceofthePersonalYearNumberbeginsinJanuaryandendsinDecember,andisatitsmost
intenseduringthelast3months.
DuringPersonalYearNumber7,youwillnoticethatyourchildappearspensiveandlostinthoughtmore
frequently. When they do, you should approach them and listen so that they have the chance to
communicatetheirfeelingsbecausesuchbehaviorscanindicatethatsomethingispuzzlingthemorthey
are having difficulties expressing their interest in something. However, Personal Year Number 7 is also
the time for your child to focus on deciphering the problems they are concerned about, so they will
sometimeswanttobeleftalone.
75
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 27Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 9 (4/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 9, your child might suffer from a slight imbalance in their life. They
sometimesfeeldemotivatedwithoutknowingwhyeventhougheverythingaroundthemstillseemsfine.
The bestthingyoucan do for your child duringthis monthis turningtheir energy towards activities that
are beneficial both to themselves and to others, such as sharing their knowledge or helping and
instructing someone with their job or study, which can all be sources of motivation for them. In short,
they should take advantage of this period to be of service to those around them. You should also avoid
showing negative emotionsinfrontof them,andinsteaddisplay decency, patienceandcompassionas a
rolemodelforthem.
86
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 28Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 1 (5/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
A Personal Month Number 1 is a suitable time for your child to make changes or start something new,
which they must prioritize during this time. You should help them set clear goals for their study or
anythingelseintheirdailylife,andteachthemhowtospendtheirtimeappropriatelyandnottobelazy.
They must take initiatives in working towards their goals, and immediately carry out their plans once
theyarecertainabouttheirviability.
78
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 29Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 2 (6/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During this month, your child should turn their attention to the relationships they have. They will feel a
strongerneedtotalktopeopleandspeaktheirmind,andalsowantotherstodothesametothem.
Thisisalsoatimewhenyourchildwillrespondwelltopeoplewhoaregentleandfriendlytowardsthem.
Takeadvantageofthistobecomeclosertothembybeingmoreattentiveandunderstanding.Youshould
alsoteachthemhowtocontroltheiremotions,andkeepyourownnegativeemotionsincheck.
79
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 30Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 3 (7/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 3, your child will feel a stronger need to express their personal views.
Occasionally,theyareunabletocontroltheiremotionswhichleadstomoodswings.Thisisalsoamonth
whentheywanttoreceiveattentionfromothers.
Additionally, Personal Month 3 is associated with creativity, which means your child may be drawn to
experiences that involve beauty or the arts. You should accompany them to cultural and artistic venues
like theaters, cinemas, museums or galleries, and help them develop their perception of the world
throughthevisualsense.Thisisanexcellentopportunityforthemtoexchangeknowledgeandlearnnew
things.Theywillalsobeabletocomeupwithmoreideasaftereachtrip.
A simpler approach is to let your child spend an evening reliving fond memories with those they love,
whichwill helpthemmaintainapositiveandcheerfulenergy,therebyimprovingtheirworkoracademic
performance.
80
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 31Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
15. PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER – 4 (8/2025)
Lifegoesbyinunitsofdaysandmonths.Eachoftheseunitshasaninfluenceonyourchild’sentirelife.
Depending on their age, you need to know how to interact with them and guide them to perform
tasks,makeplansandchooseappropriateactions.ThePersonalMonthNumberswillgiveyoupointers
inthisregard.
During Personal Month Number 4, your child should spend time reorganizing their personal plans, set
goalsforeachdayandmonth,andspendtimeimprovingtheskillsthattheyarestilllackingat.Oncetheir
plansareready,theyshouldmaintainself-disciplinetocarrythemout.Youshouldadvisethemtoaskfor
helpiftheyencounteranyobstacle,ortrytheirbesttoovercomethem,insteadofgivingup.Focusingon
theirstudyanddeveloping self-disciplinearewhattheymustdoduringthistime.
81
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 32Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 5
(age 0 - age 28)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
This is a period that demands constant breakthroughs and innovation from your child. During this time,
many newthings will come into their life,suchas finding anew job, working inanew industry, buying a
newcarorhouse,andsoon.Therefore,thisisagreattimeforthemtosetadventurous goals.
During this period, your child should choose careers that involve creativity and let their intellect flow
freely,ortheymightneedtobemoreflexibleintheircurrentcareer.Transformationsandbreakthroughs
willallowthemtocreatemanyvalues.
However, many challenges will also come to your child during this time, and single-mindedly pursuing
theirgoalsuntiltheyreachthefinishlinewillbethekeytosuccessforthem.
During this time, your child may be highly emotional and therefore must maintain mental acuity and
balanceasopportunitiesarealwaysaccompaniedbychallenges.Conflictsmayoccurduringthisperiod.If
theyareawarethatwhattheyareabouttodoiswrongorunethical,theyshouldnottaketheriskanddo
it. If any misunderstandings or legal issues arise during this time, they should let someone else handle
themontheirbehalf,astheenergyofthisperiodisrelativelyintenseandcaneasilyleadtoconflicts.
Additionally, your child should learn how to listen to their soul and truly understand what their mission
and goal are in everything they do. What do they want to do everyday for the rest of their life? This
might be the time for them to figure it out. Besides working and making plans, they should also get
enoughrest,findtimetorelaxtheirmindandgivethemselvessomebreathingroom.Thisisagoodtime
forthemtoexplorenewthingsandbreathefreshairintotheirlife.
You should help your child set daily to-do lists and identify the direction they need to follow, and teach
themhowtomaintainemotionalbalance,establishgoalsandstaydetermined.
91
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 33Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 8
(age 29 - age 37)
Onthelifejourneytowardsgrowth,successandhappiness,everypersonwillgothroughfourPinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Thisisaperiodwhenyourchildmustfocusongrowingtheirbusiness.Theenergyassociatedwithmoney
andwealthisstrongerthananyothertypesofenergyduringthisperiod.
To be able to seize opportunities, they will need to be flexible and maintain the highest level of energy
possible. Whenever they have a plan to launch a new project, they need to start working on it
immediately. How fast they think and act will determine the results they get. If they want to open a
business,thereisnolimittothebusinessmodelthattheycanfollow;aslongastheydoenoughresearch
andlearnfromthosewhohavepavedtheway,theywillbeabletothriveduringthistime.
Quite a lot of opportunities will come into your child’s life, and they should seize them as quickly as
possible.Duringthisperiod,theywillbeabletoreaptherewardsintheformsofreputationandwealthif
they have previously focused on developing their competencies, knowledge, dynamism and ability to
seizeopportunities.
This is also the time for your child to harvest the fruits of their hard work. They will be appreciated for
whotheyareandfortheirresilientefforts.Itisimportantthattheyareattentivetopeoplearoundthem.
During this period, they will be able to have a clearer idea about who deserves a place in their life or
career, thereby determining if they should follow a different direction and put an end to the
relationships that are harmful to them. They should also be careful of whom they trust. However, this
period is generally full of positive results in both the material and spiritual spheres. If they have yet to
findtheirlifepurposeduringpreviousPinnacleCycles,theywilldiscoveritduringthistime.
You need to teach your child how to be perceptive to every opportunity in their everyday life. If they
have a business idea, give them the chance to give it a try and do not let them be limited by the fear of
failure. Practical life lessons will help them gain more wisdom and experience, which they can then
flexiblyapplytoeverythingtheydoinaPinnacleNumber8.
94
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 34Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 4
(age 38 - age 46)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
During this period, the more your child focuses on developing their expertise in a specific field, the more
opportunities theywillhavetoadvancetheircareer.
This is a time when your child has no need to lead a fast-paced life and instead should take a slow and
steadyapproach.Careerandfinancialopportunitiesaswellasfamewillcometothemiftheymakeserious
investments in expanding their wisdom and studying the area of expertise they have chosen. It’s crucial
thattheyincreasetheireffortsbecausetheirfuturesuccessdependsdirectlyonhowfocusedtheyareand
howhardtheystudyorwork,aswellastheirabilitytograduallyestablishafoundationforthemselves.
Maintaining emotional balance and setting clear goals in everything they do will also be very important.
Provided your child has enough determination and self-discipline throughout this period, the likelihood
thattheyareabletoreachnewheightsinthefuturewillbedoubled.
They will need to establish themselves as an expert in acertain field and use their in-depth knowledge to
educate others. If they follow the right direction, people will undoubtedly bestow upon them a “title of
honor”.
Making plans, setting goals, working hard and avoiding procrastination are essential skills that you will
needtoteachyourchildwhentheyarestillyoung. Whenevertheyencounteraproblem,teachthemhow
to use critical thinking and strategizing skills to develop a step-by-step plan. This will be the foundation
thatenablesthemtoadoptpositivemindsetsandhabitsnotonlyduringaPinnacleNumber4butfortheir
entirelife.
90
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 35Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
16. PINNACLE NUMBER – 3
(age 47 or later)
On the life journey towards growth, success and happiness, every person will go through four Pinnacle
Cycles,eachofwhichrepresents adifferent degreeofmaturity,responsibilityandlearning capacity.
Understanding your child’s Pinnacle Cycles and the lessons they will have to learn will enable you to
help them be prepared and develop the necessary competencies to build a solid foundation for the
mostimportantstagesoftheirlife.
Career paths that involve “speaking” will be the best fit for your child during this period, as whether they
are successful or not all depends on their communication skills. Should they be able to match the energy
ofnumber3,theywill“speakoutmoney.”Thisisalsothelessontheymustlearnduringthistime,whichis
tofocusonimprovingtheirlinguisticabilities.Tothisend,they mustcommunicatemoreandtakecourses
on subjects like presentation or public speaking so that they can use language in a more flexible and
precise way. This is because their communication skills and energy will make many people want to work
withthem.
In order to constantly maintain an optimal level of energy, your child will need to spend more time
exercising, listening to music, taking lessons on how to motivate themselves, etc. They should also
participate in many community activities or need to appear in public because their positive energy and
communicationskillswillhelpthemattractothersandleaveagreatimpressiononthem.
During this time, your child will really want to delve into the things they like or yearn to express
themselves.Theirtalentswillbringthemfinancialgains,fame,or publicappreciation.If PinnacleNumber
3 occurs when they are still young, you should help them adopt a positive and creative mindset and
develop their linguistic skills in order to seize opportunities as they appear. Even before a Pinnacle
Number 3 arrives, nurturing and utilizing these skills regularly will still provide them with the potential to
succeed.
89
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 36Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 4
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number4indicatesthatyourchildneeds tofocusonstudyinganddevelopingtheir expertise,
whichwillserveasthefoundation fortheirsuccess.
Additionally, they need to pay more attention to matters that require them to be detail-oriented and
meticulous, such as paperwork. Learning how to be disciplined and organized will help them overcome
thischallenge.
103
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 37Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER - 2
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Your child’s biggest challenge lies in their relationships with people. They need to pay attention to
connecting and communicating with others in order to avoid unfortunate misunderstandings, or
exacerbating the problems they encounter. The foundation of number 2 is relationships, so they must
take the initiative in connecting with people and learn how to listen to and empathize with them. To
overcome this challenge, they must also learn to detach themselves from dramatic emotions, become
moredisciplinedanddecisive,aswellasapproachrelationshipsonthebasisofharmony.
101
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 38Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
17. CHALLENGE NUMBER- 6
The Challenge Number lets you know the problems your child will encounter and how they should
prepare to overcome them. This number also reveals the missions they must fulfill and the
characteristicstheymustdevelop incertainstagesoftheirlife.
Challenge Number 6 is associated with your child’s responsibilities to their family. Your child must learn
howtomaintainbalancebetweenthemselves,theirfamilyandtheircareer.Theyshouldbemoreloving,
caringandempathetictowardsthosearoundthem.
Your child can sometimes have extremely high expectations for themselves and those around them. If
this is the case, they should try to be less judgmental, critical and demanding of themselves and others.
Instead, they should open up and communicate their thoughts in order to receive others’ affection and
understanding inreturn.Familyiswheretheyneedtobuildasolidfoundationfirst.
105
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 39Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 8 (26/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Today is a great day for your child to share their ambitions with you. They should be encouraged to set
specificgoalsanddiscusstheachievementstheywanttoreceive.
You should educate them about the value of money and how to use it wisely. You can empower them to
makeaspendingplanandsavemoneytoreachtheirgoals.
8
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 40Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 9 (27/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
Todayisaperfectdayforyourchildtocompletetheirunfinishedtasks.Moreover,youshoulddiscusstheir
strengthsandweaknesses,andgivethemhelpfuladvicefortheirimprovement.
Theenergyofdaynumber9increasesstrongerwhenyouhelpthemlearnthevalueofgratitude,tolerance
and giving. This contributes to shaping their compassion and responsibility. These qualities will nurture a
happy,optimisticchildwholivesausefullifeforsociety.
9
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 41Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
18. PERSONAL DAY NUMBER - 1 (28/04/2025)
ThePersonalDayNumber showsyourchild'senergyduringthedayandsuggestsactivitiestheycando.
You should encourage your child to participate in activities that promote exploration, creativity, and
leadership abilities. Moreover, you should nurture their independence by assigning tasks within their
capabilities,rangingfromsmallchorestomoresignificantresponsibilities.
When your child completes a task, you should acknowledge their efforts and motivate them with verbal
praiseorattractiverewards.Thiswillhelpthemexpressthemselveswithmoreconfidence.
1
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 42Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
19. ATTITUDE NUMBER - 5
The Attitude Number describes how your child perceives everyday situations. This allows you to
guide them in choosing appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive
aspectsoflife.
Attitudenumber5revealsthatyourchildisconsistentlyoptimistic,free-spiritedandendlesslycreative.
From their perspective, life is an adventurous journey, not a destination. They can discover new things
andcreatejoyforthemselveseveryday.Theyoftenhaveuniqueideasandperspectives.
Althoughtheyareenthusiasticaboutchangesandstriveforcontinuouspersonaldevelopment,theymay
beeasilyboredorlackpersistence.Therefore,youshouldfostertheirself-disciplineandperseveranceto
becomesuccessfulpeopleinthefuture.
5
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 43Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
20. KARMIC DEBT NUMBER – 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding significant
perseverance and determination from your child for surmounting. Successfully
navigating through these challenges will foster their robust development and
enhance theirresilienceonlife’sjourney.
Karmic Debt Number 14/5 indicates that your child needs to enhance self-reliance,
practiceself-loveinapositivemannerandliveapurposeful life.
To help your child complete this lesson, you should support them in developing
meaningful values and healthy habits. Every day, you should collaborate with them to
build their discipline and self-awareness in each choice and thought. This helps them
understandtheimportanceofeachbehavior,ratherthanindulgingthemselvesoracting
impulsively. Due to their free spirit, it is crucial for your child to balance personal
aspirations and responsibilities. The important qualities they need to cultivate are
commitment, a steadfast spirit and a strong determination in order to overcome life's
challengesandtemptations.
2
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 44Nguyễn Quốc Duy Colin
14/09/2001
https://gein.vn/
21. GENERATION NUMBER - 3
TheGeneration Numberdescribes theenergyofyourchildandthose bornin
the same year. Accordingly, you can create suitable activities to foster their
personalgrowthanddevelop theirpeerrelationship.
Energy of Generation 3: Your child is cheerful, humorous, loquacious,
energetic and enjoys sharing with everyone. They always believe in the good
things and do not easily give up when facing difficulties. They often conceive
creative and unique ideas. They are endowed with an attractive and confident
storytellingability.
Suggestions for your child’s development: You should help your child learn to
managetheiremotionsandavoidimpulsiveactions.Theyneedtodevelopskills
in planning and risk management in everything they do. Be patient, loving and
supportivetofostertheirhealthyandholisticdevelopment!
3
Only use KID TALENT MAP to coach parents, who are 18 and more. 45