UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LY TON - 01/02/1994M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LY TON
01/02/1994LY TON
01/02/1994
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Ly Ton
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3LY TON
01/02/1994
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4LY TON
01/02/1994
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5LY TON
01/02/1994
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19940201GT0M8O
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6LY TON
01/02/1994
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7LY TON
01/02/1994
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8LY TON
01/02/1994
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 5 5
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
3 4 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
1 3 4
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
3 1,4,8,9 13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9LY TON
01/02/1994
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
5 5 2,3,5,6,7
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,6,9,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
5,6,7 5 1,4,3,3
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10LY TON
01/02/1994
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
8
LIFE PATH
4
SOUL URGE
5 3
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11LY TON
01/02/1994
LIFE PATH NUMBER
8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
77 99
• Attractive, high energy • Good copy ability
1111 2222 3333
• Ambitious, have clear • Capable of influencing
goals
• Practical, clear
• Excellent management
• High self-esteem and
• High standards of ego
quality of life
• Learn through
• Be sensitive to business experience
opportunities
Energy of Number 8
Carrying the energy of number 8, you represent leadership,
strength, wealth and power, the spirit of an entrepreneur
Number 8 people have excellent organizing, leading,
guiding and commanding skills. You are ambitious, have
goals and always desire to achieve them as quickly and
effectively as possible. You have great intellectual and
emotional abilities.
This is the number of leaders and those who wield power
wisely. You have all the conditions to unite people, make
them believe and work towards a common ideal.
12LY TON
01/02/1994
Your strengths
• Have positive energy, extremely attractive
• Be fair and have the right moral values
• Ambitious and likes to challenge myself
• Creativity and passion help you realize your dreams
• Courageous and steadfast to the end
• Be clear and straightforward in everything
Your weaknesses
• Manage emotions to always maintain positive energy
• Being ambitious can make you use any means necessary to achieve your goals.
But never forget the moral values you need to cultivate.
• Imbalance between work, power and other aspects of life.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Addicted to work and always trying my best
• Help those you work with maximize your
potential
• You learn and grow on the job through real-
life experiences
• Ability to manage and lead others to achieve
goals
Advice
• In the early stages, don't put too much emphasis on money
and finances. Focusing on giving and serving with all your
heart will help you get unexpected opportunities.
• Support colleagues with a sincere heart
• Balance your ambitions for power with other aspects of life
such as health, family, friends, etc.
• Leadership role models: high goals and long-term visions
13LY TON
01/02/1994
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are attractive and make
connections easily
• Bright appearance and
communication ability are your
strengths
• Be clear and unambiguous, especially
in financial matters
• Be dedicated and always do your
best in relationships
Advice
Sometimes your ego is so high that you only focus on criticizing and protecting your
own rights without considering the perspectives of others. Stay calm and learn to
listen and respond positively, only then will you be able to maintain good quality
relationships
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 8
 With the energy of number 8, you are extremely ambitious, with excellent
organizing, leading, guiding and commanding abilities. There are times when you
will experience ups and downs and challenges, but believe that nothing and no
one can stop you from walking on the path of success in your life.
 Number 8's dreams are never small, dream big and always aim for a quality and
classy life.
 Pursue happiness and success with wisdom, maturity and discipline. Sometimes
appreciating and rewarding yourself is absolutely necessary to keep you
motivated. Learn to be grateful and appreciate what you have and have
achieved.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 8 is expressed as contentment,
passivity, aimlessness, carelessness and negativity. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you hone your communication
skills, regain confidence, and reach common goals. Therefore, you can confidently
walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14LY TON
01/02/1994
Career orientation
The ideal career for people with The Life Path Number 8 is big business, jobs related to
finance, commerce, large corporations, senior executive positions, banking, financial or
political consultant, advisor, corporate lawyer, investment broker, sourcing
agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil engineer, athlete , chain store
manager, government official, manufacturer, or school principal, etc. There are also
many artists and actors with Life Path Number 8 energy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person with excellent
transformation and executive capacity
15LY TON
01/02/1994
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
5
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN INNOVATOR
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Optimistic and always attractive to others
• Creative, multi-talented, intelligent and perceptive
• Free-spirited and constantly challenging personal limits
• Flexible and adaptable to any situation
• Curious and eager to explore everything
Message for you
You are a free soul, always yearning for creativity, innovation and adventure. Life has given
you many opportunities to learn and experience many interesting aspects. You should
surpass your own limits and embrace change in daily life. However, sometimes you indulge
yourself, forget your original purpose and choose the easier option. It is crucial to keep your
commitment and discipline to achieve your goals.
16LY TON
01/02/1994
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
3
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Make time for self-care and engage in enjoyable activities
• Maintain a positive mindset and keep your spirits up
• Learn to make friends and connect with others
• Hone your public speaking and presentation abilities
• Be more determined to pursue your passions
17LY TON
01/02/1994
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
4
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for certainty and stability.
• You require everything to be clear, detailed,
procedural and data-driven.
• You always want everything to be under your
control.
• You uphold honesty and loyalty in relationships.
• You aspire to be a strong support for those around
you, especially your family.
Favorite workplaces
• Prioritize discipline and commitment
• Have a clear organizational structure and
process
• Create opportunities to develop specialized skills
and knowledge
Suitable relationships
• Provide a sense of stability, reliability and safety
• Connect with genuine, responsible and growth
mindset individuals
• Build on respect, trust, commitment and practicality
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18LY TON
01/02/1994
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19LY TON
01/02/1994
BALANCE NUMBER 5
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Maintain an optimistic perspective and
balance emotions in all situations
• Prefer the freedom to decide your life,
aspiring to create unique and
memorable experiences
• Sometimes prioritize alternative
approaches to relieve mental pressure
before resolving problems
Things to keep in mind:
• Approach problems objectively, avoiding
imposing your own thoughts on others
• Avoid selfish thinking and taking
reckless actions
• Choose healthy stress-relieving
methods, steering clear of substance
abuse and procrastination in problem-
solving
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require cultivating your discipline and
focus instead of wasting excessive time on entertainment.
20LY TON
01/02/1994
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONALITY NUMBER 1
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a leader
• People may admire your confidence and assertiveness.
• You are independent and unafraid to express your opinions.
• You stand strong in the face of adversity and can become others’s pillar of support.
• You are naturally trustworthy in a leadership role.
• You excel in concealing and managing emotions. Even when you are feeling afraid,
you manage to remain calm.
I am the master of my destiny, the captain of my soul.
- William Ernest Henley -
22LY TON
01/02/1994
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
3 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• You should learn to express your emotions more clearly with others.
• Be confident and showcase your talents in a healthy way, avoiding excessive
self-expression.
• Cultivating your relationships openly and sincerely is very beneficial to create
a strong foundation for understanding and positive interaction.
23LY TON
01/02/1994
MATURITY NUMBER
4 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate your own discipline, principles and ethics
• Establish a detailed plan and persistently pursue your goals
• Continuously develop your professional expertise
• Equip yourself with knowledge about investment, finance and real
estate
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to develop yourself into a true expert.’’
24LY TON
01/02/1994
ATTITUDE NUMBER 3
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have high self-confidence and self-esteem.
• From your perspective, life is incredibly interesting and colorful.
• You tend to find the good in every situation.
• You are trusting and open-hearted towards everyone, including strangers.
• Sometimes you may casually make assertions or promises without thoroughly
considering their future implications. You should choose your words carefully and
assess feasibility before speaking.
25LY TON
01/02/1994
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence and responsibility for your own life
• Courage and willingness to seize new opportunities
• Rationality, determination and high stress resistance
• Decisiveness and clear goals
• Self-leadership and leadership of others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Develop self-confidence, independence, self-awareness and decision-making abilities
• Find a reliable mentor to improve leadership skills and self-leadership.
• Step outside your comfort zone, take control of your life, and instill self-discipline.
• Cultivate positive energy and manage your emotions, actions.
• Embrace your personality and dare to follow your own choices, even without
unanimous support.
26LY TON
01/02/1994
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
27LY TON
01/02/1994
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
28LY TON
01/02/1994
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
29LY TON
01/02/1994
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
5
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a sharp thinker, always carrying
a high energy frequency.
• You often tend to solve problems easily,
spontaneously, and quickly.
B˜n luôn gi° v°ng lý trí, ˛n ˝˙nh ˝ˆˇc c˘m xúc , bình tĩnh trước mọi vấn (cid:28)ề
• You are willing to make risky decisions
without being afraid of challenges.
Suggestions for you:
• Try to regulate emotions, balance
between reality and imagination.
• Before making a decision, you should
consider and evaluate carefully to
keep everything in control and your
solution ability.
30LY TON
01/02/1994
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
5
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain creative and flexible thinking to adapt to transformation quickly
• Participate in several new experiences to increase perspective on your aspects of life
• Always seeking creative inspiration and constantly generating ideas will help you gain
comfort when facing difficulties
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing creative and flexible thinking when dealing with problems will help you be
open-minded when faced with difficulties and challenges, thereby moving forward.
31LY TON
01/02/1994
GENERATION NUMBER 5
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 5:
• When you own the Energy of Generation Number 5, you always like freedom, desire
constant innovation, and experience many interesting things in life.
• Showing optimism and positivity in life with a dreamy soul
• Always looking outward, an extroverted, dynamic, attractive, and radiant
type of person
• What you need to do is maintain a positive energy level and consider a realistic
perspective before taking action.
• You are suitable for working in a creativity-focused environment, especially in fields
of a social and artistic nature.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Flexible, easily adapts to circumstances
• Thinking beyond the times
• Multi-talented
Challenges:
• Improvisation, acting on emotions
• Having difficulty committing and pursuing goals to the end
• Manage risks and control your own energy
32LY TON
01/02/1994
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 2
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are good at listening, giving advice, and always want to connect with people.
• You prefer gentleness and romance, always aiming for a friendly and peaceful
environment.
• You respect and acknowledge others, and you also want them to respect and
acknowledge you as well.
• You have a persuasive ability, being able to make people trust and listen.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to further hone your
ability to listen and subtly perceive other people's emotions.
33LY TON
01/02/1994
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 3
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are articulate, full of energy, and have a strong desire to share this positivity
with everyone.
• You want to express yourself through constant sharing, communication, and action.
• You have a passion for beauty and aesthetics, take pleasure in dressing elegantly,
and often receive compliments from others.
• You love creative, artistic things.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
In order to fully harness your passion, it is essential to maintain
positive energy and further improve your ability to speak and
use words effectively.
34LY TON
01/02/1994
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
35LY TON
01/02/1994
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 6
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are extremely good at caring and helping others.
• You have a passion for decorating, arranging, and nurturing your home.
• You love beauty, and have your own aesthetic taste, especially art.
• You are willing to contribute and serve others, aiming for profound human values.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to pay more
attention, take care, and respect yourself, only then can you give
love properly.
36LY TON
01/02/1994
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 7
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer being alone, doing everything independently and autonomously.
• You are passionate about learning, observing, and analyzing issues in detail,
especially those that interest you.
• You feel relaxed and comfortable when immersed in nature.
• You enjoy spiritual research and have the ability to connect with your inner self.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to find a
development environment that suits you and proactively socialize
more outside.
37LY TON
01/02/1994
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
7
Pinnacle 4
(age 47 - age 55)
Pinnacle 3
(age 38 - age 46)
9
3 6
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 28) (age 29 - age 37)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
38LY TON
01/02/1994
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 28)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 3
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop rich creativity and adept communication
skills, which are crucial for your future success.
Nurture creativity
• Life will give you experiences to nurture your creative abilities through activities like
painting, writing, music, etc.
• Take time to explore various artistic fields and discover yourself in every aspect.
• By showcasing your creative talents, you can build a personal brand and draw
attention from others.
Enhance language and communication skills
• You should refine your listening and sharing skills, which will help you confidently
express your opinions and better understand others.
• Utilize this time to hone, expand your vocabulary, and practice communication
daily.
39LY TON
01/02/1994
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Rely on others: Easily dependent on others and not proactive in making decisions.
• Don't have your own identity: Unable to assert yourself and lose confidence.
• Lack leadership ability: Have difficulty leading yourself and others.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Identify and develop strengths: Your strengths can be opportunities for you to
develop and achieve great achievements in work and life.
• Maintain positive thinking: Focus on your strengths and achievements, instead of
focusing on your weaknesses or failures.
• Make your own decisions and take responsibility: Don't doubt your own abilities,
believe that you have the ability to solve any problem independently.
• Learn and build personal skills: Learn and develop the skills needed to take care
of yourself.
40LY TON
01/02/1994
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 29 - age 37)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 6
This marks an important transition from youthful independence to taking responsibility for
both family and work. During this period, you often encounter many opportunities related to
family and personal responsibilities.
Prioritize family time
• You have the opportunity to build a happy family, create a cozy space for children,
and support each other in all aspects.
• The role of being a parent provides opportunities to develop time and resource
management skills, making you more confident in building a good educational
foundation for the next generation.
Balance between work and personal life
• You need to proactively manage your time effectively, creating a positive working
environment while maintaining stability in the family.
• This helps you avoid stress, have time to love yourself, and spread love to others.
Service and share love
• You can choose to participate in social activities, from volunteering to community
projects, contributing to the positive development of society and enjoying the
meaningfulness of life.
41LY TON
01/02/1994
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Fear of adapting to change or unknown or uncertain things
• Stiffness in old habits leads to finding it difficult to escape your comfort zone
• Difficulty shouldering financial responsibilities, such as managing debt or taking on
new financial responsibilities, leading to stress and anxiety.
• Lack of flexibility by an excessive focus on firm organizational processes and
discipline
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to be open to new opportunities: that is the way to help you grow and have
experiences creating success.
• Invest time in financial research: This will help you better understand how
investment and saving are in accordance with your goals.
• Study and cultivate to become an expert: By reading books, researching, and
learning from someone with experience.
• Practice flexibility in decision-making: Navigating different situations in life
requires a willingness to change, to learn from experience, and to not be afraid of
failure.
42LY TON
01/02/1994
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 38 - age 46)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 9
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to serve the community and society through
humanitarian activities. Life also offers you opportunities to reach out and spread positive
values to the world.
Cultivate compassion
• You will be trained in noble qualities such as compassion and tolerance. You will
understand people more deeply and to some extent help them improve their lives.
• By learning to prioritize the needs of others over your own and understanding that
everything is interconnected, happiness will be in your hands.
Dedicate to humanity
• You will have opportunities to give love and genuine care to others.
• You can spend time participating in community activities and demonstrate a
sense of responsibility while spreading humanitarian values.
Enhance language skills
• This pinnacle cycle especially brings you the ability to reach out to the world.
• Improving language skills and gaining international knowledge will undoubtedly
benefit you greatly.
43LY TON
01/02/1994
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Express yourself excessively, exaggerating things, or criticizing others
• Have difficulty allocating energy for both work and life
• Struggle with completing work, only excited at first
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Change the way you communicate: Learn how to use appropriate language for
each subject and situation as well as proactively motivate and encourage others.
• Allocate energy reasonably: Stay focused and don't scatter yourself in too many
directions at once to achieve your goals.
• Stay determined to reach your achievements: Accomplishing what you have
chosen begins by building a clear and specific plan.
44LY TON
01/02/1994
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 47 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 7
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to delve deeper into the laws of the
universe as well as connect with your inner self; continue to study and develop yourself.
Develop yourself continuously
• The energy of Pinnacle Number 7 is synonymous with the need for continuous
learning and research.
• Knowledge will help you become a visionary, trusted by others, and sought after for
advice.
Focus on researching and developing an aspect
• This time is ideal for you to choose focusing on a particular field; delve into research
and gather core values, seizing opportunities with pre-established visions and
strategies.
• Moreover, having a broad vision in a field can bring many opportunities for you to
create lasting values for society.
Connect with the inner self, explore aspects related to the inner world
• This pinnacle cycle will contribute to unlocking potential to help you connect
with the inner self.
• This is the time to explore the inner self and find answers to questions that have
puzzled you for a long time, perhaps even for decades.
45LY TON
01/02/1994
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Be insecure, not daring to express and share emotions
• Struggle with communication, being afraid of judgment
• Be easily distracted, not focusing on a goal
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Don't let negativity take you away, be confident and shine: Stay away from
negative things that affect your emotions.
• Boldly express yourself through voice and action: You should express your
emotions more clearly and sincerely to improve your communication
problems.
• Set your goals: Identify things that can distract you so you can stay away
from them and create a quiet and comfortable working environment so you
can concentrate on your work.
46LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
47LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
48LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
49LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
50LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
51LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
53LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
54LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
55LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
56LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (25/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
57LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
58LY TON
01/02/1994
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
59LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
60LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
61LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
62LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
63LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
64LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
65LY TON
01/02/1994
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
66LY TON
01/02/1994
CONCLUSION
Dear Ly Ton
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
67