UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI - 14/11/1982M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
A letter
from the Founders
Dear SACHDEV ASHWANI Ravi
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19821114HL0A6J
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 2 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
2 9 5
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
7 2 7
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
7 2,6,7 16/7,14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 6 1
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,7,5,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
1,2,3 2 3,3,0,0
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
9
LIFE PATH
9
SOUL URGE
7 2
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
LIFE PATH NUMBER
9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
77 8 Keywords
• Have good intuition • Leadership spirit
1111 2222 3333
• Big heart, like to help
• Psychology and skill in
others
communication
• Tolerance, generosity and
altruism • Like to share and
spread human values
• Smart, intellectual
• Mature, dare to take • Comprehensive
responsibility capabilities
• Perfectionism, high
standards
Energy of Number 9
People with The Life Path Number of 9 are
compassionate and generous. Your humanity affects all
aspects of your life and self. You always strive to make a
positive difference in people's lives.
You are people of honor and can be trusted in everything.
You have almost no prejudice towards anyone. You have
complete integrity and never judge with bias or let your
emotions control you
With number 9 energy, you also have intuition and a good
way of perceiving people. You are often associated with
humanistic knowledge.
12SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and willing to participate in volunteer work
• Be compassionate and don't judge anything
• Rich in ideals and strong will
• Desire to inspire and help people become better
• Enthusiastic and always giving your best
• Live with strong gratitude
• Spirit of readiness for integration
Your weaknesses
• Manage negative thoughts, don't let painful experiences become obsessions
• Avoid being too controlling and imposing standards of perfection on
everything
• Eliminate fear and stop focusing on the shortcomings of yourself and others
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Many ideas and wholehearted service
• High standards, always aiming for the best
results
• Ready to shoulder the responsibility and
spirit of a leader
• Ability to share and motivate your team
Advice
• Sometimes you need to relax and give yourself time to rest
• Share and guide instead of control
• Accepting failure is necessary to learn lessons and move
forward
• Leadership role model: leader with a big heart
13SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are generous and willing to open your
heart to help people
• Friendly and radiates a warm
• Delicate, attentive to the other person's
feelings and experiences
• Share and help others become better
• Can provide psychological counseling and
healing
Được người khác tôn trọng
Advice
Sometimes you are impatient with people who are slow or make mistakes, tending to
trust no one but yourself. However, be patient and play your important role in helping
those around you become better versions of themselves. Accompanying and leading
with your heart, that will be the key to helping you always maintain good relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 9
 With the energy of number 9, you were born to become a spiritual leader, capable of
both intellectually and spiritually enlightening others. Believe in your own abilities,
cultivate the three roots of morality - intelligence - willpower, to truly be able to give
humane values to millions of people.
 People with The Life Path Number 9 may be very successful materially, but money,
wealth or power are never your biggest concern or goal. All are premises and tools to
help you achieve the greatest success in life, helping people and society become
more better and civilized.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 9 is expressed in indifference,
individualism, pragmatism, lack of sophistication and scrutiny of others. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you absorb human
values, from which you can be inspired and positively change. Only then can you
confidently walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path Number 9 include jobs in which they can help
others or bring people together, such as charity work, social welfare, public service ,
government jobs, doctors, nurses, veterinarians and any other support jobs,
musicians, artists, teachers, ambassadors or jobs related to education, humanities .
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a spiritual leader, have the ability to
open up wisdom and enlighten
the lives of others
15SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
2
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be willing to help others while setting healthy boundaries
• Value your own time and learn to prioritize
• Learn to handle problems peacefully and avoid conflict
• Develop your communication, listening and networking skills
17SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
SOUL URGE The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
9 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for ideal realization and enlightenment
• You are responsible, considerate, compassionate
and have lofty ideals
• You are always willing to sacrifice to others without
expecting returns
• You desire ample resources to change and address
social issues
• You value humanitarian spirit and dedicate yourself
to life
Favorite workplaces
• Work in humanitarian and volunteer professions such
as education, human development, healing and
healthcare
• Nurture service spirit and ethical values such as
gratitude, compassion, and altruistic
• Encourage individuals to unleash their full potential
and create positive changes for the community
Suitable relationships
• Connecting with empathetic individuals who are
willing to contribute to the community
• Empower each other to achieve our dreams and
provide support during difficult times
• Form spiritual connections, share beliefs, and
explore the meaning of life
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
BALANCE NUMBER 2
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Desire to resolve problems peacefully,
even if it means making personal
sacrifices
• Utilize sharp intuition to make insightful
choices
• Gather diverse perspectives to find the
best solution for the majority
Things to keep in mind:
• Recognize when to be assertive to
protect yourself and avoid being
exploited
• Use reason to guide your actions,
avoiding over-dependence on emotions
• Listen selectively and have your own
perspective
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require
balancing the heart and the mind.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
20SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 5
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Energetic and good at creating a lively atmosphere
• Passionate about freedom, adventure and discovery
• Optimistic, exuberant, appreciative of beauty and
perfection
Natural abilities
• Flexibility, unique creativity and diverse talents
• Extraordinary courage in the face of adversity
• Excellent sales and persuasion skills
The environment for your talent development
Creativity and Continuous Ethical standards and
experience innovation discipline
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONALITY NUMBER 7
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an intelligent and wise person.
• You have a graceful and elegant demeanor.
• People admire your educational background and extensive knowledge.
• You have an incredible ability to focus and concentrate.
• People may find you mysterious and unapproachable at first glance. However,
after some interaction, they will discover that you are kind-hearted and
empathetic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
-Aristotle -
22SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
MATURITY NUMBER
7
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Continuously develop deep and profound knowledge
• Share knowledge and elevate others’ intellect
• Dedicate time to introspection and exploring the essence of life
• Delve into the inner self to understand your true calling
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a strategist.”
24SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
ATTITUDE NUMBER 7
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You understand that there is an essence behind every object and phenomenon.
• You have an intuitive view and can connect various events into meaningful stories.
• You observe with intelligence and always seek answers to life’s questions.
• You are perceptive, easily recognizing differences and not missing any details in any
matter.
• You cherish every experience in life for personal development.
25SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 2
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Listening, empathizing and sharing skills
• Deep and sincere connection with others
• Respect for each individual's differences
• Skillful and tactful communication
• Fairness and conflict resolution
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Love, understand and embrace yourself
• Hone objective listening and analytical skills
• Put yourself in others' shoes to connect with them
• Build trust and authenticity in your relationships.
• Develop communication skills and a mindset focused on mutual benefit
26SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
27SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 7
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Logical thinking and comprehensive analytical skills
• Excellent concentration, memory and research ability
• Contemplation and self-cultivation
• Right belief and faith
• Broad vision and strategic thinking
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-learning and knowledge research skills
• Learn to observe and analyze the essence of phenomena in life
• Practice universal laws (Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Attraction, gratitude, etc.)
• Cultivate your empathy and self-reflection abilities
• Develop strategic thinking and goal-setting abilities
28SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Dismiss others' opinions due to a self-perceived superiority
• Display arrogance, resulting in alienation from those around
• Lack loyalty and appreciation for relationships or possessions
• Overthink and hesitate excessively, often leading to wrong or delayed
decisions
Lessons for you:
• Identify your core values to discard irrelevant matters
• Overcome arrogance, and treat people with respect and trust
• Be open-minded and embrace unexpected things in life
• Be sincere and loyal in love
29SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
30SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
1
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You highly value uniqueness, difference,
and logical thinking.
• You often have independent assessments
and detailed arguments about problems.
• You tend to choose pioneering and
unique options when facing choices.
B˜n c°n h˛c cách cân b˝ng và t˙p trung nˆng lˇ˘ng
Suggestions for you:
• Sometimes, you should consult and
ask for help from others instead of
solving the problem yourself.
• To make the most correct and
comprehensive decisions, you should
have step-by-step strategies and
follow emotions and intuition sparingly.
31SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
32SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
GENERATION NUMBER 2
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 2:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 2, you need to take action
according to the general trend and there is no need to change too many things.
• You will be greatly influenced and affected by a diverse, creative, and
open environment.
• What you need to do is learn how to balance and harmonize the interests of
both parties, avoid conflicts, or create opposing trends.
• The generation is suitable for work that supports, motivates, and takes care of others.
Prominent advantages:
• Good adaptability
• Flexible connection and diplomatic capacity
• Cooperation readiness and swift adaptation
• Sensitive and delicate intuition
• Peaceful resolution priority
Challenges:
• Emotional opposition, strong emotions, and erratic changes
• Taking care of your mental health, maintaining a healthy lifestyle, and loving
yourself more
33SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 1
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You enjoy becoming a pioneer and feel excited to start new things.
• You want to get straight to the point, proactively solving things in your way.
• You would like to initiate large-scale projects and want to become a leader.
• You are willing to take responsibility and be flexible when handling situations.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to be more
creative and pay more attention to other people's perspectives.
34SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
4
Pinnacle 4
(age 46 - age 54)
Pinnacle 3
(age 37 - age 45)
5
7 7
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 27) (age 28 - age 36)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
35SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 27)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 7
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to cultivate your potential, develop intuition, and
practice a spiritual discipline. These are important assets for your future.
Improve yourself
• This is a precious time to explore and hone your latent abilities, aiming to become
the best version of yourself.
• These could be opportunities to build new skills: from learning a new language, soft
skills to professional skills, helping you enhance your abilities and working capacity.
Pursue spiritual growth
• This is an appropriate stage for you to study and understand the metaphysical
world and alternative methods.
• Just by seizing development opportunities, trusting intuition, and starting to
practice a spiritual discipline, you will have the ability to achieve happiness and
success.
36SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-expression shortage: At this time, you want to show off your talent but don't
stand out enough to get noticed
• Limited communication skills: It is possible that during this period, you will encounter
difficulties in communicating and connecting through words with others.
• Difficulty in deep concentration: During this period, you will have many aspects that
require deep focus to achieve effectiveness, however, with high energy in
movement, you may easily find it difficult and want to give up halfway.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Adapt and learn from mistakes: It’s not easy to express yourself, but by accepting
your mistakes and learning from them, you will become more confident and mature.
• Learn to listen: The ability to listen helps you better understand other people's
opinions and feelings, thereby building trust and creating good relationships.
• Learn to express your thoughts explicitly and confidently: Knowing how to
communicate messages in a comprehensible and concise way helps you create
clarity and avoid unnecessary misinterpretation.
• Apply concentration techniques: Learning to use concentration techniques like
breaking your work into smaller chunks (working for short periods and taking breaks
in between) will help you maintain effective focus.
37SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 28 - age 36)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 7
This is the golden time for you to focus more on professional research, continuous self-
development, and purposeful growth. This process also promotes deep insights into the
laws of the universe and connection with your inner self.
Upgrade wisdom and personal development
• Building skills, expanding knowledge, and shaping core values and lay foundation for
personal development.
• Continuously learning and expanding understanding through investing in updating
knowledge, reading books, participating in courses, or connecting with people with
high expertise.
Take time to contemplate and connect with your inner self
• Understanding yourself is the key to a meaningful life. Ask questions about values,
goals, and the meaning of life to drive righteous actions.
Study the laws of the universe
• At this stage, you have contemplate and realized many practical life experiences.
Practicing to understand the laws of the universe such as the Law of Karma, Law of
Attraction, etc., brings many benefits, helping you change your mindset and actions.
38SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
39SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 37 - age 45)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 5
This is the pinnacle cycle where you step out of your comfort zone to embrace new
relationships, experiences, and dare to be different while unleashing your unique creativity.
Build new and diverse relationships
• Life will provide you with opportunities to continue expanding your life experiences
with various groups of people and explore the world around you.
• You will improve your communication skills with others and meet many new people.
• The opportunity to promote your personal image and learn to adapt to changes is
also a highlight of this pinnacle cycle.
Create and innovate
• You need to harness your breakthrough creativity to avoid being left behind.
• Listen to your soul and understand what your mission in life is. Give yourself the
chance to explore new things, step out of your comfort zone, and refresh your life.
Pursue goals relentlessly
• Always maintain perseverance when pursuing your life's biggest goals.
Opportunities will always come with many challenges, and the lesson for you is
about discipline and self-control.
• There will be conflicts arising, so you need to stay away from things you know are
wrong or unethical.
40SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 represents the challenges that come from your choices.
Whether you choose to live a breakthrough life and change yourself or depend on the
flow of life is completely dependent on your decision.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Accept and be grateful: Challenge Number 0 does not represent a specific
challenge, so be grateful to the universe for that.
• Believe in yourself: Believe in your own potential strength and nurture self-esteem.
Try to turn yourself into a more confident, independent, and brave version.
41SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 46 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 4
In this pinnacle cycle, life will provide you with opportunities to cultivate discipline,
diligently train your body, mind, and spirit to continue moving forward.
Become a professional expert in a field
• You use your accumulated knowledge to train thousands of people,
• leading them to happier lives.
• Achieving personal success and creating meaningful value for the community.
Learn the lessons of life discipline
• Discipline contributes to increasing work efficiency, managing time better, building
healthy living habits, boosting confidence, and sharpening the mind.
• You also need to let those around you know the importance of discipline so that you
can give more value.
Make a Detailed planning for every effort
• This pinnacle cycle is suitable for slowing down and making solid plans.
• You have the opportunity to calmly sit down to ponder, rearrange priorities for tasks
that need to be done.
42SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Excessive concern in mental and physical aspects
• Pressure to make all decisions on your own
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• “Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind ”: Let yourself develop around
the saying "Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind" so that mental and
physical health is always guaranteed, from which your inner person can develop
your full potential.
• Devote your best, create good values: Continue to live your life to the fullest, and
continue to develop your potential.
• Nurture relationships: Be proactive in reconnecting old relationships as well as
making new ones, thereby creating more people to help and support you.
43SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
44SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
45SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
46SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
47SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
48SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
49SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
50SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
51SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
52SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
53SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
54SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
55SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
56SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
57SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
58SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
59SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
60SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
63SACHDEV ASHWANI RAVI
14/11/1982
CONCLUSION
Dear SACHDEV ASHWANI Ravi
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
64