UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
PHAN TIEN DAT - 22/07/1959M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Phan Tien Dat
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19590722ZT2N5P
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 4 4
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
4 7 4
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
6 1 3
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
2 3,6 13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 7 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,1,3,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
5,6,7 6 3,2,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
8
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
4 4
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
LIFE PATH NUMBER
8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
77 99
• Attractive, high energy • Good copy ability
1111 2222 3333
• Ambitious, have clear • Capable of influencing
goals
• Practical, clear
• Excellent management
• High self-esteem and
• High standards of ego
quality of life
• Learn through
• Be sensitive to business experience
opportunities
Energy of Number 8
Carrying the energy of number 8, you represent leadership,
strength, wealth and power, the spirit of an entrepreneur
Number 8 people have excellent organizing, leading,
guiding and commanding skills. You are ambitious, have
goals and always desire to achieve them as quickly and
effectively as possible. You have great intellectual and
emotional abilities.
This is the number of leaders and those who wield power
wisely. You have all the conditions to unite people, make
them believe and work towards a common ideal.
12PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
Your strengths
• Have positive energy, extremely attractive
• Be fair and have the right moral values
• Ambitious and likes to challenge myself
• Creativity and passion help you realize your dreams
• Courageous and steadfast to the end
• Be clear and straightforward in everything
Your weaknesses
• Manage emotions to always maintain positive energy
• Being ambitious can make you use any means necessary to achieve your goals.
But never forget the moral values you need to cultivate.
• Imbalance between work, power and other aspects of life.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Addicted to work and always trying my best
• Help those you work with maximize your
potential
• You learn and grow on the job through real-
life experiences
• Ability to manage and lead others to achieve
goals
Advice
• In the early stages, don't put too much emphasis on money
and finances. Focusing on giving and serving with all your
heart will help you get unexpected opportunities.
• Support colleagues with a sincere heart
• Balance your ambitions for power with other aspects of life
such as health, family, friends, etc.
• Leadership role models: high goals and long-term visions
13PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are attractive and make
connections easily
• Bright appearance and
communication ability are your
strengths
• Be clear and unambiguous, especially
in financial matters
• Be dedicated and always do your
best in relationships
Advice
Sometimes your ego is so high that you only focus on criticizing and protecting your
own rights without considering the perspectives of others. Stay calm and learn to
listen and respond positively, only then will you be able to maintain good quality
relationships
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 8
 With the energy of number 8, you are extremely ambitious, with excellent
organizing, leading, guiding and commanding abilities. There are times when you
will experience ups and downs and challenges, but believe that nothing and no
one can stop you from walking on the path of success in your life.
 Number 8's dreams are never small, dream big and always aim for a quality and
classy life.
 Pursue happiness and success with wisdom, maturity and discipline. Sometimes
appreciating and rewarding yourself is absolutely necessary to keep you
motivated. Learn to be grateful and appreciate what you have and have
achieved.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 8 is expressed as contentment,
passivity, aimlessness, carelessness and negativity. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you hone your communication
skills, regain confidence, and reach common goals. Therefore, you can confidently
walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
Career orientation
The ideal career for people with The Life Path Number 8 is big business, jobs related to
finance, commerce, large corporations, senior executive positions, banking, financial or
political consultant, advisor, corporate lawyer, investment broker, sourcing
agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil engineer, athlete , chain store
manager, government official, manufacturer, or school principal, etc. There are also
many artists and actors with Life Path Number 8 energy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person with excellent
transformation and executive capacity
15PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
4
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN EXPERT IN A CERTAIN FIELD
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Proficiency in expertise and constant knowledge pursuit
• Logical, specific and practical thinking
• Discipline and principle and well-thought-out skills
• Diligence, meticulousness in work and daily life
• High responsibility and a reliable support
Message for you
Destiny Number 4 indicates that you always crave to explore and delve deeply into the
marvelous knowledge of life. This drives you to continuously develop yourself, aiming to
create breakthroughs in your life. You will not stop until you become the best version of
yourself in the field you want to conquer. However, you should be open-minded and listen
to others’ opinions. This will help you broaden your perspective, acquire new knowledge,
and become more flexible.
16PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
4
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Work diligently and stay committed to your goals
• Develop practical thinking and self-management skills
• Self-cultivate to become a trustworthy person
17PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
BALANCE NUMBER 4
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Thoroughly analyze all aspects to
identify the core of the problem
• Always base decisions on reason,
objectivity and clarity
• Have unwavering perseverance and
relentlessly pursue your goals
Things to keep in mind:
• Balance logic with emotional and
intuitive factors for flexibility
• Avoid excessive stubbornness, be
open to seize good opportunities
• Use time effectively when researching
and delving into problems
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require tailoring outcome standards
to the specific situation. You should step outside your comfort zone to gain valuable
experience as well.
20PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 4
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Careful, dedicated and diligent
• Traditional, sincere and trustworthy
• Loyal, persistent and family-oriented
Natural abilities
• Ability to analyze information systematically
• Excellent process packaging capability to optimize performance
• Strong discipline, resilience and perseverance
The environment for your talent development
Specialized research Discipline and Mentor or expert
and clear process stability
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONALITY NUMBER 6
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an affectionate person.
• You are a warm, kind and gentle person.
• You are thoughtful and attentive to others from the smallest details.
• People feel safe and understood when sharing their stories with you.
• You are sensitive and easily absorb others' negative emotions.
• You are always willing to help others in the best way you can.
You must love in a way that makes the person you love feel free.
- Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh -
22PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
1 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self
• You need to continuously learn and innovate in your work.
• When working in a team, you should take the initiative to set direction and
motivate the members.
• Be more proactive in making decisions and dare to express your own
opinions.
• To maximize your potential, you should be open-minded and listen to others’
opinions.
23PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
MATURITY NUMBER
3 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Focus on building your personal brand
• Nurture self-esteem and radiate positive energy to others
• Engage in networking activities and expand relationships with successful individuals
• Enhance your communication skills so that every word spoken carries influence
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Number 3 represents extroversion and connection. The more you appear
in front of the crowd, the more likely you are to succeed.”
24PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
ATTITUDE NUMBER 2
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are very amiable and gentle with people.
• You see life through a romantic and affectionate lens.
• You perceive things in a multifaceted, objective and impartial manner.
• You tend to be sensitive, vulnerable, and easily influenced by people’s words. It is
very essential to nurture your self-worth and establish healthy boundaries.
• Due to preference for safety and fear of risks, you often hesitate and make
decisions slowly in challenging situations. Embracing openness, and balancing your
heart and mind will greatly benefit you.
25PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Optimistic and positive outlook on life
• Enthusiastic, humorous and high-energy
• Flexible, skillful and engaging communication
• Intelligent and imaginative
• Inspiring others through words
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Learn to manage and regulate your emotions
• Nurture right beliefs and optimism in life
• Surround yourself with positive people
• Create various fun activities that bring joy to yourself and others
• Improve communication skills such as active listening, flexible body language, and
expressing clear opinions
26PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
27PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
11
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a highly creative and interesting
thinker.
• Sharp intuitive thinking and deep
emotions are your outstanding
characteristics.
• You tend to have contradictory thinking:
Bạn chủ (cid:20)ộng tạo thiện cảm và quan tâm tới từng chi tiết nhỏ
sometimes strong and decisive;
sometimes hesitant and wavering.
Suggestions for you:
• Elevate yourself through developing
your thinking, become an
outstanding and inspirational leader.
• Balance between two streams of
thinking, learn to listen selectively,
and stay consistent in carrying out
your choices.
28PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
29PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
GENERATION NUMBER 6
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 6:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 6, you embody love, care, and
healing, and always appreciate family and emotional relationships.
• You are emotional, sympathetic, and always empathetic in difficult situations.
• What you need to do is spread good values through love, tolerance, harmony, and
a cohesive way of life through family relationships.
• You are suitable for creative, community-oriented work as well as psychological
counseling and soul healing.
Prominent advantages:
• Good ability to understand, sympathize, and share with others
• High responsibility spirit
• Be willing to give and sacrifice your own interests
• The ability to nurture and create a feeling of warmth and safety
Challenges:
• Too much love turns into control and imposition
• Easily losing your temper and falling into a negative state
• Erratic emotions that overcome rationales.
30PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
31PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
4
Pinnacle 4
(age 47 - age 55)
Pinnacle 3
(age 38 - age 46)
3
2 1
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 28) (age 29 - age 37)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 28)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 2
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to build sincere relationships and learn how to
maintain a balance between work and physical - mental health.
Building quality relationships
• You should spend ample time understanding and bonding with your family.
• Open up and cultivate valuable friendships.
• You have many opportunities to expand your social network within your passionate field.
Enhancing intuition
• You will become more sensitive to the environment and the emotions of those
around you.
• You are encouraged to spend time researching metaphysics, psychology, or any
field related to helping others.
Balance between work and life
• You will have time to relax and relieve stress to enhance your mental health and be
ready to face new challenges.
• You can take advantage of modern technology to work efficiently and save time,
thus enjoying life more.
33PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-expression shortage: At this time, you want to show off your talent but don't
stand out enough to get noticed
• Limited communication skills: It is possible that during this period, you will encounter
difficulties in communicating and connecting through words with others.
• Difficulty in deep concentration: During this period, you will have many aspects that
require deep focus to achieve effectiveness, however, with high energy in
movement, you may easily find it difficult and want to give up halfway.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Adapt and learn from mistakes: It’s not easy to express yourself, but by accepting
your mistakes and learning from them, you will become more confident and mature.
• Learn to listen: The ability to listen helps you better understand other people's
opinions and feelings, thereby building trust and creating good relationships.
• Learn to express your thoughts explicitly and confidently: Knowing how to
communicate messages in a comprehensible and concise way helps you create
clarity and avoid unnecessary misinterpretation.
• Apply concentration techniques: Learning to use concentration techniques like
breaking your work into smaller chunks (working for short periods and taking breaks
in between) will help you maintain effective focus.
34PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 29 - age 37)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 1
This is the golden moment for you to harness your inner strength, independence in behavior,
and self-leadership, making significant marks in life.
Harness strength and potential
• You have enough strength, mental capacity, and experience to pursue significant
goals
• You can confidently face challenges and difficulties without fear of failure
Affirm autonomy and independence
• You have achieved independence in terms of economy, finance, and mentality. You
can make decisions on your own without depending on others.
• The energy at this pinnacle cycle is also suitable for you to start a business and
pursue your entrepreneurial dreams.
Lead yourself and others
• You have accumulated enough experience and abilities to become a leader. This
brings opportunities for career advancement.
• You can lead a group, organization, or business to achieve certain successes.
35PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Imbalanced relationships and balance your needs with the needs of your family,
friends, or others.
• Fear of rejection and vulnerability which can prevent you from improving yourself
and forming deeper connections.
• There were a lot of conflicts and loss of communication between relationships.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Develop communication skills and empathy to better understand other people's
perspectives and feelings.
• Develop a conflict resolution strategy: Learn constructive conflict resolution
strategies, such as active listening and assertive feelings expression to resolve
relationship problems.
• Seek support from people you trust to overcome challenges and enhance your
perspective with diverse perspectives.
36PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 38 - age 46)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 3
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to recognize the importance and continue to
develop your personal brand with high energy and stability.
Build a personal brand
• You have built a relatively complete personal brand for yourself.
• You continue to enhance your personal image to benefit your work and career.
Maintain high energy
• To leverage your creativity and create influence and inspiration for others, you
need to maintain a state of peak energy.
• If you always maintain confidence, discipline, and fighting spirit, you will achieve
success and fulfillment in this pinnacle cycle.
Express yourself comfortably
• Your creative activities are profound and experiential, easily touching people's
hearts.
• Immerse yourself in what you love to unleash your talents to new heights.
• Always be ready to seize opportunities and actively create new things for yourself.
• You need to be confident, disciplined, focused, and dedicated to what you are
doing.
37PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
38PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 47 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 4
In this pinnacle cycle, life will provide you with opportunities to cultivate discipline,
diligently train your body, mind, and spirit to continue moving forward.
Become a professional expert in a field
• You use your accumulated knowledge to train thousands of people,
• leading them to happier lives.
• Achieving personal success and creating meaningful value for the community.
Learn the lessons of life discipline
• Discipline contributes to increasing work efficiency, managing time better, building
healthy living habits, boosting confidence, and sharpening the mind.
• You also need to let those around you know the importance of discipline so that you
can give more value.
Make a Detailed planning for every effort
• This pinnacle cycle is suitable for slowing down and making solid plans.
• You have the opportunity to calmly sit down to ponder, rearrange priorities for tasks
that need to be done.
39PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
40PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
41PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
42PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
43PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
44PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
45PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
46PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
47PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
50PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
51PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
52PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
53PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60PHAN TIEN DAT
22/07/1959
CONCLUSION
Dear Phan Tien Dat
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61