UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LÊ THỊ HIỆN - 27/03/1957M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Lê Thị Hiện
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19570327JM0R1Z
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 4 9
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
2 1 9
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
8 7 7
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
3 1,4,6,7 19/1,16/7
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 5 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,4,7,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
6,7,8 4 6,5,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
7
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
9 2
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
LIFE PATH NUMBER
7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
8 99
• Ability to analyze and think • High responsibility for work
logically
1111 2222 3333
• Good at strategy and
• Meticulous and high vision
standards
• Good intuition, good at
• Spirit of learning and self- grasping the laws of the
development universe
• Extensive knowledge • Resistant to pressure well
• High concentration ability • Speech is influential and
persuasive
Energy of Number 7
With energy number 7, you were born to become an
intelligent philosopher, a profound analyst and always
looking for faith. You always want to understand the
mysteries of life. You are very sensitive and intuitive.
Number 7 represents the world of wisdom, enlightenment
and correct faith. To achieve that, you focus on self-
development and continuous learning, looking deeply to
find the nature of things and events. The energy of number 7
is the energy of deep analysis and sharp intuition.
12LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
Your strengths
• Smart and rational before all problems of life
• Actively learn and increase knowledge
• Analyze and research carefully before drawing conclusions
• Good at contemplation and drawing valuable lessons
• Meticulous, aiming for certainty
• Like to be alone to focus on intellectual development and connect with the soul
Your weaknesses
• Be careful not to become cocky and overconfident in yourself
• Manage your emotions so avoid losing your temper
• Living in isolation from the outside world can limit your opportunities
• Learn how to communicate and cooperate with people
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Always research and analyze carefully to
come up with the best implementation plan
• Once you have developed good expertise,
you will be the one to set the vision and
development strategy for your team.
• Don't be afraid to continuously learn and
develop yourself to do the best job possible
• Perfectionist and has high standards in work
Advice
• Be more agile in making decisions
• Be a perfectionist but don't become domineering and imposing.
• Use your sharing ability to help your colleagues develop better.
• Be more proactive and positive in contributing and sharing
opinions.The working environment requires high teamwork
ability.
• Leadership model: strategy and vision
13LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Gain trust because of his erudite
intelligence
• Give advice and strategies to
others in a good way
• Promote intuition in understanding
and building relationships
Advice
You are introverted, reserved and do not actively communicate, which invisibly limits
your ability to have quality relationships. Know that you need others as much as they
need you. There are still good friends out there and sometimes you miss things when
you're too focused on judging others. Besides, don't be too skeptical, try opening your
heart to trust others.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 7
 Believe in your abilities and accept every opportunity to become someone who can
share, advise and help those around you develop both knowledge and spiritual
values.
 With number 7 energy, live with the belief that when you work well and live well,
miracles will come to your life. Living with the attitude of constantly analyzing and
doubting everything can be exhausting and draining.
 Go to nature and spend quiet time to discover your inner power. Subjects such as
meditation or yoga are especially suitable for people number 7.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 7 is expressed in laziness, low
standards, indiscipline and lack of ability to dig deeper into problems. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on planning your studies and seriously developing your
expertise. Therefore, you can confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
Career orientation
Suitable careers for The Life Path Number 7 people include scientific research,
archeology, analyst, psychoanalyst, surgeon, historian, biologist, police investigator,
scientist newspapers, psychiatrists,...With a soul oriented towards humanistic values,
you are also suitable to be a lecturer, humanitarian worker, monk,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a strategist, a lighthouse that
enlightens everyone with a big enough heart,
enough effort and a small enough ego
15LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
9
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN EDUCATOR AND A HUMANITARIAN
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Have the ability to educate and empower others
• Spread unconditional love and support to people
• Maintain a right perception and positive mindset
• Have lofty ideals and aspirations
• Sympathize with the difficult situations
Message for you
You are at your best when you harness your creativity, sensitivity and altruism. You should
be an active and empathetic listener, for the line between sharing and preaching can be
thin. Open your heart to the unfortunate and the sorrowful who come to you. These are the
gifts the universe sends you to fulfill your life's higher purpose.
16LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
2
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be willing to help others while setting healthy boundaries
• Value your own time and learn to prioritize
• Learn to handle problems peacefully and avoid conflict
• Develop your communication, listening and networking skills
17LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
BALANCE NUMBER 4
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Thoroughly analyze all aspects to
identify the core of the problem
• Always base decisions on reason,
objectivity and clarity
• Have unwavering perseverance and
relentlessly pursue your goals
Things to keep in mind:
• Balance logic with emotional and
intuitive factors for flexibility
• Avoid excessive stubbornness, be
open to seize good opportunities
• Use time effectively when researching
and delving into problems
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require tailoring outcome standards
to the specific situation. You should step outside your comfort zone to gain valuable
experience as well.
20LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 9
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Mature, courageous and highly responsible
• Empathetic, appreciative of humanity and compassion
• Generous, passionate and inclined to help others
Natural abilities
• Patient, dedication and willingness to shoulder
responsibilities
• Strong spiritual leadership and soul-soothing abilities
• Far-sighted vision, oriented towards community benefits
The environment for your talent development
Education, training, Health, therapy, Humanitarian and
religion, politics healing volunteerism
CChhặặnngg 11
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONALITY NUMBER 8
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a business executive
• You are independent and very confident in your own abilities.
• People are highly impressed by your excellent negotiating skills and business
acumen.
• Due to your high vigilance, people can not easily take advantage of you.
• You are a great relationship builder who can drive team performance towards
shared success.
• You are respected for your discipline, integrity and decisiveness.
The greatest glory in life is not in never failing, but in getting up every
time you fail.
- Nelson Mandela -
22LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
7 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• Continuously expanding your knowledge will boost your confidence and
facilitate holistic personal development.
• Enhance your concentration to improve work efficiency and reap greater
rewards.
• You should create spaces for yourself or find tranquil places where you can
easily delve into introspection and contemplation.
23LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
MATURITY NUMBER
7
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Continuously develop deep and profound knowledge
• Share knowledge and elevate others’ intellect
• Dedicate time to introspection and exploring the essence of life
• Delve into the inner self to understand your true calling
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a strategist.”
24LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
ATTITUDE NUMBER 3
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have high self-confidence and self-esteem.
• From your perspective, life is incredibly interesting and colorful.
• You tend to find the good in every situation.
• You are trusting and open-hearted towards everyone, including strangers.
• Sometimes you may casually make assertions or promises without thoroughly
considering their future implications. You should choose your words carefully and
assess feasibility before speaking.
25LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence and responsibility for your own life
• Courage and willingness to seize new opportunities
• Rationality, determination and high stress resistance
• Decisiveness and clear goals
• Self-leadership and leadership of others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Develop self-confidence, independence, self-awareness and decision-making abilities
• Find a reliable mentor to improve leadership skills and self-leadership.
• Step outside your comfort zone, take control of your life, and instill self-discipline.
• Cultivate positive energy and manage your emotions, actions.
• Embrace your personality and dare to follow your own choices, even without
unanimous support.
26LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
27LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
28LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 7
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Logical thinking and comprehensive analytical skills
• Excellent concentration, memory and research ability
• Contemplation and self-cultivation
• Right belief and faith
• Broad vision and strategic thinking
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-learning and knowledge research skills
• Learn to observe and analyze the essence of phenomena in life
• Practice universal laws (Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Attraction, gratitude, etc.)
• Cultivate your empathy and self-reflection abilities
• Develop strategic thinking and goal-setting abilities
29LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
30LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Dismiss others' opinions due to a self-perceived superiority
• Display arrogance, resulting in alienation from those around
• Lack loyalty and appreciation for relationships or possessions
• Overthink and hesitate excessively, often leading to wrong or delayed
decisions
Lessons for you:
• Identify your core values to discard irrelevant matters
• Overcome arrogance, and treat people with respect and trust
• Be open-minded and embrace unexpected things in life
• Be sincere and loyal in love
31LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a comprehensive mindset
and a broad vision.
• You tend to proactively consider
carefully before making decisions.
• Sometimes you become a meddler
B˜n thích s° th˛ng th˝n, chính tr°c , và s° bám ˙uˆi mˇc tiêu
because of thinking for others.
Suggestions for you:
• Incorporate more realistic thinking
and avoid idealization before
making decisions.
• Don't feed others, just teach them
how to fish so they don't rely too
much on you.
32LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
5
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain creative and flexible thinking to adapt to transformation quickly
• Participate in several new experiences to increase perspective on your aspects of life
• Always seeking creative inspiration and constantly generating ideas will help you gain
comfort when facing difficulties
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing creative and flexible thinking when dealing with problems will help you be
open-minded when faced with difficulties and challenges, thereby moving forward.
33LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
GENERATION NUMBER 4
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 4:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 4, you need to become a pillar of
society, focusing on deeply developing a specific aspect.
• Appreciate traditional elements, loyalty, and honesty.
• What you need to do is work hard and seriously, creating a stable material
foundation to develop yourself with peace of mind.
• You are suitable for work related to process, organization, specific details, and
stability.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Highly disciplined and trustworthy
• Have thorough experience in your expert field
• Ability to plan and create specific and clear action plans
Challenges:
• More effort, dedication, and perseverance are required to create achievements for
yourself and for society as well.
• Achievement and recognition from society go along with taking responsibility for
shouldering and solving many things.
34LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
35LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
7
Pinnacle 4
(age 48 - age 56)
Pinnacle 3
(age 39 - age 47)
7
3 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 29) (age 30 - age 38)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
36LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 29)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 3
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop rich creativity and adept communication
skills, which are crucial for your future success.
Nurture creativity
• Life will give you experiences to nurture your creative abilities through activities like
painting, writing, music, etc.
• Take time to explore various artistic fields and discover yourself in every aspect.
• By showcasing your creative talents, you can build a personal brand and draw
attention from others.
Enhance language and communication skills
• You should refine your listening and sharing skills, which will help you confidently
express your opinions and better understand others.
• Utilize this time to hone, expand your vocabulary, and practice communication
daily.
37LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
Challenge Number 6
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Selfishness and not sharing with those around you: Sometimes you will put your
interests in the center and forget to consider harmony and compatibility with
your family or those around you.
• Responsibility neglect: Your expression shows that you don’t care about anyone
other than yourself
• Improper love: Excessive control, overprotective to the point of suffocation
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Change your thinking about love and service: Think more openly in sharing love
and reaching out to support your family or those around you when they need help.
• Commit to your responsibilities: Looking at your responsibilities and assessing their
importance and impact on your life will help you make a greater commitment to
the people around you.
• Have intellectual love: Learn ways to show love without excessive pampering.
38LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 30 - age 38)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
39LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Restless and impatient feeling: The desire to seek innovation and constant
change leads to a lack of focus and long-term commitment.
• Difficulty finding clear direction or purpose because you want to cover so many
things, and your focus is scattered in too many directions
• Easy-to-relax vigilance leads to indulgence in the way of living or working
• Stabilization difficulty: You continuously seek constant change and new
experiences which can lead to instability and difficulty establishing a solid
foundation.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Find a balance between your desire for change and your need for stability: Change
can indeed bring many benefits, but it is essential to maintain a level of consistency
and commitment.
• Focus on setting clear goals: This is to determine direction and your purpose.
• Practice perseverance and patience when facing challenges: You need to
understand that long-term success often requires dedication and effort
• Invest time and effort in personal development: Welcome experiences with new
adventures and ensure that decisions are made with careful consideration.
40LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 39 - age 47)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 7
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to spend more time contemplating the truths
about yourself, life, and enriching your knowledge.
Develop inner self
• You will gain a deep understanding of yourself and the profound meaning of life.
• You should explore intuition and start practicing a discipline that delves into your
inner self and seeks some "Faith" such as Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Karma,
etc.
Enhance soft skills
• The more you engage in learning and self-development, the more opportunities
you will have for advancement in your career.
• Identify your competitive advantages and focus on developing them into
"weapons" to position yourself in life.
Cultivate wisdom
• You need to focus more on specialized study as well as learning to enhance your
intelligence and awareness.
• Trust yourself and strive to develop aspects or skills within your field of expertise
that have not yet been explored.
41LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
42LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 48 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 7
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to delve deeper into the laws of the
universe as well as connect with your inner self; continue to study and develop yourself.
Develop yourself continuously
• The energy of Pinnacle Number 7 is synonymous with the need for continuous
learning and research.
• Knowledge will help you become a visionary, trusted by others, and sought after for
advice.
Focus on researching and developing an aspect
• This time is ideal for you to choose focusing on a particular field; delve into research
and gather core values, seizing opportunities with pre-established visions and
strategies.
• Moreover, having a broad vision in a field can bring many opportunities for you to
create lasting values for society.
Connect with the inner self, explore aspects related to the inner world
• This pinnacle cycle will contribute to unlocking potential to help you connect
with the inner self.
• This is the time to explore the inner self and find answers to questions that have
puzzled you for a long time, perhaps even for decades.
43LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
44LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
45LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
46LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
47LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
48LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
49LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
51LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
52LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
53LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
54LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
55LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
56LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
57LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
58LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
59LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
60LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
61LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
63LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
64LÊ THỊ HIỆN
27/03/1957
CONCLUSION
Dear Lê Thị Hiện
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
65