UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY - 18/01/1972M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
A letter
from the Founders
Dear CLATTERBUCK Powell Lynette Tracy
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19720118RF9E3K
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 6 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
5 9 9
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
7 2 9
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
1 4,8 -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
4 7 3
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
8,9,1,2,3 5,6,7,8,9 1,1,2,2
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
4,5,6 1 8,8,0,0
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
11
LIFE PATH
9
SOUL URGE
7 5
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
LIFE PATH NUMBER
11
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Ability to inspire • Skillful in communication
22 33
• Leadership capacity
• Special attraction
• Connection capacity
• Inner strength
• Good intuition
• Big vision
• Great diplomatic ability
• The ability to
understand people
Energy of Number 11
The combination of the energy of the two numbers "1" and
"2". These are inherently a pair of numbers that do not have
many similarities, creating the impressive and sometimes
confusing Life Path Number 11.
With number 11 energy, you have a strong moral compass
and ego, not easily shaken by external influences.
You have the excellent communication ability of number 2
along with the strong pioneering energy of number 1. Traits
that make you an endlessly enlightening and inspiring
person.
The energy of certain "masters" together makes you have
great intuition and psychic abilities.
12CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
Your strengths
• Radiate warm and loving energy
• Endless creativity
• Think positively, always be grateful
• Excited and enthusiastic in sharing knowledge
• Sensitive and has good intuition
• Great ambitions and aspirations
• Always put kindness and kindness first
• Flexibility, communication and mediation capacity
Your weaknesses
• Excessive anxiety can cause your advantages to completely disappear
• Unpredictable changes in emotions, sometimes strong and courageous,
sometimes fragile and weak.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Big ambitions and goals
• Initiate projects and promote growth in
your field of expertise
• Good thinking and the ability to share are
the keys to gaining trust
Advice
• Prepare carefully to equip yourself with confidence before
daring to accept challenges and start projects
• Decisive and persistent with goals
• Leadership role models: inspiration and positive values
13CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Have empathy and be sensitive to the
needs of others
• The judge, plays the role of mediator in
relationships
• Always maintain gratitude and sincerity
with your partner
• Can become a support for everyone
• Ability to listen and be able to give
valuable advice
Advice
You may be greatly influenced by other people's negative emotions and find it difficult
to escape. Try to relax yourself, look deep inside to resolve and find positive energy for
yourself.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 11
 With the energy of number 11, your life purpose is to enlighten and release the
magical power within each person. You instill in them a strong belief and life energy.
 Always maintain your life motto: "Do it kindly, or don't do it!"
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 11 is expressed in a dependent
lifestyle, no opinion, selfishness and reluctance to share. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you develop your communication
skills and independent thinking. Only then can you confidently walk the path of
conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path 11 include inventor, teacher, scientist,
lecturer, inspirational writer, political activist, philosopher, astronomer, psychic,
innovator, artist, abstract thinker, musician, inventor in the fields of science,
technology, electronics and telepathy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a great enlightener
and inspiration
15CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
5
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Embrace new challenges to expand your experience
• Cultivate a resilient spirit in the face of change
• Improve your flexibility and adaptability in ever-changing circumstances
• Think outside the box and boldly try new things
• Take risks and dare to do what others are unwilling to do
17CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
SOUL URGE The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
9 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for ideal realization and enlightenment
• You are responsible, considerate, compassionate
and have lofty ideals
• You are always willing to sacrifice to others without
expecting returns
• You desire ample resources to change and address
social issues
• You value humanitarian spirit and dedicate yourself
to life
Favorite workplaces
• Work in humanitarian and volunteer professions such
as education, human development, healing and
healthcare
• Nurture service spirit and ethical values such as
gratitude, compassion, and altruistic
• Encourage individuals to unleash their full potential
and create positive changes for the community
Suitable relationships
• Connecting with empathetic individuals who are
willing to contribute to the community
• Empower each other to achieve our dreams and
provide support during difficult times
• Form spiritual connections, share beliefs, and
explore the meaning of life
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
BALANCE NUMBER 6
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Handle situations gently and easily
forgive others
• Respect everyone's feelings and
opinions, especially your family
• Seek advice from trustworthy people
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid taking on too many tasks due to
your complaisance
• Stop being influenced excessively by
other people’s opinions
• Develop the ability to make your own
judgments and decisions
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require your rationality and calmness in
every situation instead of letting emotions dictate your actions.
20CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 9
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Mature, courageous and highly responsible
• Empathetic, appreciative of humanity and compassion
• Generous, passionate and inclined to help others
Natural abilities
• Patient, dedication and willingness to shoulder
responsibilities
• Strong spiritual leadership and soul-soothing abilities
• Far-sighted vision, oriented towards community benefits
The environment for your talent development
Education, training, Health, therapy, Humanitarian and
religion, politics healing volunteerism
CChhặặnngg 11
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONALITY NUMBER 7
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an intelligent and wise person.
• You have a graceful and elegant demeanor.
• People admire your educational background and extensive knowledge.
• You have an incredible ability to focus and concentrate.
• People may find you mysterious and unapproachable at first glance. However,
after some interaction, they will discover that you are kind-hearted and
empathetic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
-Aristotle -
22CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
MATURITY NUMBER
9 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential human skills to empower others to awaken their inner light and
wisdom
• Actively engaging in humanitarian activities to plant positive seeds for the world
• Dedicate yourself to serving family, clan, community and society
• Enhance foreign language proficiency and seize opportunities for development
abroad
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person
who spreads humanistic values to the world.”
24CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
ATTITUDE NUMBER 1
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are an independent and proactive individual who dislikes relying on others for
help.
• You firmly believe in your ability to overcome any challenges that life throws your
way.
• You see life as a world brimming with potential awaiting exploration.
• Sometimes you can be impulsive, not carefully considering the outcomes before
acting.
• You have a high competitive spirit, prefer proving personal opinion and desire
community recognition. You should cultivate humility, active listening and continuous
learning.
25CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
27CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
28CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a person with a practical way
of thinking and logical analysis ability.
• You also have a disciplined and
prudent way of thinking.
• You tend to maintain your reason,
stabilize your emotions, and stay calm
in the face of all problems.
Suggestions for you:
• Depending on the situation, there
may be more open and agile thinking
and solutions.
• Try to relax, and allow yourself to
experience new things so that your
emotions can be expressed freely.
29CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
31CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 3
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are articulate, full of energy, and have a strong desire to share this positivity
with everyone.
• You want to express yourself through constant sharing, communication, and action.
• You have a passion for beauty and aesthetics, take pleasure in dressing elegantly,
and often receive compliments from others.
• You love creative, artistic things.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
In order to fully harness your passion, it is essential to maintain
positive energy and further improve your ability to speak and
use words effectively.
32CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
2
Pinnacle 4
(age 53 - age 61)
Pinnacle 3
(age 44 - age 52)
2
1 1
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 34) (age 35 - age 43)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 34)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 1
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture your confidence, leadership skills, and
transform yourself into a better version.
Cultivate independence
• This pinnacle cycle demands that you learn to solve problems and confront difficult
situations independently.
• You gain additional courage and confidence to take control of your life and stand
on your own two feet.
Develop leadership skills
• There are many opportunities for you to lay the groundwork for becoming a leader,
but what's crucial is that you seize and make the most of them.
• Initiating a project or establishing your own company or business could also be a
goal you should set during this stage.
Pioneer and create new value
• You need the courage to step out of your comfort zone and relentlessly pursue your
personal goals.
• Dare to think differently and take action, leading the way. Thereby, you can create
trends or new achievements in a particular field.
34CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
Challenge Number 8
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Big ego: This can lead to a loss of connection with those around you.
• Too much focus on fame and materialism: Manifest in loss of balance
between personal life and work.
• Health deterioration due to irregular living: Irregular living and overworking under high
intensity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Lower your ego and listen to other people's opinions: Open your heart to listen to
the feedback from others, sometimes they are the ones who can see the aspects
that you don't understand.
• Balance between mental health and work: Allow yourself to relax comfortably after
stressful working hours, and don't put too much pressure on yourself with far-fetched
goals.
• Practice exercises: Exercises will help you stay healthy to achieve your goals
35CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 35 - age 43)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 1
This is the golden moment for you to harness your inner strength, independence in behavior,
and self-leadership, making significant marks in life.
Harness strength and potential
• You have enough strength, mental capacity, and experience to pursue significant
goals
• You can confidently face challenges and difficulties without fear of failure
Affirm autonomy and independence
• You have achieved independence in terms of economy, finance, and mentality. You
can make decisions on your own without depending on others.
• The energy at this pinnacle cycle is also suitable for you to start a business and
pursue your entrepreneurial dreams.
Lead yourself and others
• You have accumulated enough experience and abilities to become a leader. This
brings opportunities for career advancement.
• You can lead a group, organization, or business to achieve certain successes.
36CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
Challenge Number 8
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Obstacles and failures in career and financial pursuits lead to feelings of
frustration and insecurity.
• Imbalance between material and spiritual goals: Focusing on material success
can lead to ignoring other spiritual aspects.
• Fear of failure in business or your quest for financial success may prevent you from
taking necessary risks.
• Power abuse, as your success increases, you may have difficulty leading
effectively, easily letting your authority dominate others too much.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Financial planning and budgeting: A well-planned structure is needed to
manage resources effectively and overcome economic challenges.
• Emotional management and health care: Manage stress in a healthy way.
• Failure as an opportunity to learn: This allows you to make more important
breakthroughs
• Collaboration with experienced mentors: Find people who can guide and
support you in navigating your career decisions, career and finances.
37CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 44 - age 52)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 2
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to enhance your ability to cooperate in
relationships and live more slowly to listen to yourself and others.
Develop relationships
• Taking responsibility for connecting with others and advising them on problem-
solving will help your work grow and develop smoothly.
• You need to maintain balance, diplomacy, and a cooperative spirit in your
relationships.
Develop intuition
• The combination of rich life experience and strong intuition helps you become more
sensitive. You have the ability to understand the needs of others and how to help
them.
• This is a prime time to enhance your knowledge of counseling, arts, music, or other
areas that support others.
Live slowly
• Everything in your life comes naturally and has its own arrangements.
• Focus on developing your understanding of the world both internally and externally.
• Live and behave modestly, as showing yourself too much usually does not bring
positive impact.
38CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 represents the challenges that come from your choices.
Whether you choose to live a breakthrough life and change yourself or depend on the
flow of life is completely dependent on your decision.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Accept and be grateful: Challenge Number 0 does not represent a specific
challenge, so be grateful to the universe for that.
• Believe in yourself: Believe in your own potential strength and nurture self-esteem.
Try to turn yourself into a more confident, independent, and brave version.
39CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 53 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 2
In this pinnacle cycle, life offers you the opportunity to refine, strengthen, and bond intimate
relationships. You need to leverage your sharp intuition to recognize the needs and
emotions of others.
Build and strengthen relationships
• As your children grow up and retirement approaches, or when you have stable
employment, you have more time and conditions to build relationships.
• With life experience and practical knowledge, you can understand people deeply
and perceive issues profoundly.
• You have the opportunity to share your experience and help others, participating in
social activities.
Trust and develop intuition
• You tend to trust your intuition, sensing the needs of others and knowing what you
need to do to help them.
• By sharing your knowledge, experience, and goodwill, you can make positive
changes in others' lives and contribute to society.
40CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Excessive concern in mental and physical aspects
• Pressure to make all decisions on your own
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• “Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind ”: Let yourself develop around
the saying "Healthy body - peaceful soul - intelligent mind" so that mental and
physical health is always guaranteed, from which your inner person can develop
your full potential.
• Devote your best, create good values: Continue to live your life to the fullest, and
continue to develop your potential.
• Nurture relationships: Be proactive in reconnecting old relationships as well as
making new ones, thereby creating more people to help and support you.
41CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
42CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
43CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
44CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
45CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
46CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
47CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
48CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
51CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
52CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
53CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
54CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61CLATTERBUCK POWELL LYNETTE TRACY
18/01/1972
CONCLUSION
Dear CLATTERBUCK Powell Lynette Tracy
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62