UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE HA QUOC KHANH - 01/11/1970M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Le Ha Quoc Khanh
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19701101KB0R9J
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
2 3 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
5 7 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
9 2 9
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
3 4,7,9 16/7
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 6 8
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,9,3,1
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
6,7,8 8 1,7,6,6
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
2
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
7 5
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
LIFE PATH NUMBER
2
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Able to sympathize and • Gentle, amiable, and
11 22 33
listen peace-loving
• Able to sense people’s • Forgiving and tolerant
feelings
• Great communication
• Loving spirit skills
• Highly intuitive • Romantic and sensible
• Able to understand and
empathize with others
Energy of Number 2
Carrying energy number 2, you were born to connect and
reconcile, ease stressful conflicts. You are very patient,
able to listen and live for others.
With great support, you are a perfect companion. You
also always look for balance in the things around you.
You are romantic, dreamy and born into this world to love
and be loved. Within you lies great altruism and
compassion. You are willing to put aside your ego to
accompany and get along with those around you.
12LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
Your strengths
• Be able to listen, sympathize, and love
• Be careful and thorough in everything
• Be honest and open in thoughts and feelings
• Strong intuition
• Be romantic and always keep positive thoughts
• Sophisticated and sensitive to art
• The ability to persuade and touch hearts
Your weaknesses
• Fear and anxiety before trying somethings
• A bit cautious and shy about new things
• Vulnerable, leading to negative emotions
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Negotiation skills and diplomacy help you be
highly appreciated at work
• The ability to judge helps team members see
from each other's perspectives
• Sophisticated and attentive to every detail
in work
Advice
• Develop active listening and responsiveness
• Always aim for fairness and clarity, otherwise you may be
judged as "dishonest".
• Be steadfast and maintain your ego, don't let your
emotions influence your work decisions too much
• Leadership role model: a leader who mediates and
connects with people
13LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Be able to become a spiritual support for
others
• Know how to make people around you
feel comfortable
• Affection and respect for the other
person's feelings
• Listen actively, without judgment
• Can give advice with a sincere heart
•Ad--vice
There are cases where even if someone hurts you, you just choose to stay silent and
endure. That becomes invisible pressure and has a huge impact on your emotions. Thus,
share your opinion clearly to receive attention or an apology. That will be the best
medicine for your heart and help you maintain lasting relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 2
 Focus on intuition development, which will increase your confidence and ability to
choose the right companions.
 Learn more about how to control your emotions and train your mind to gain clarity
and balance between heart and mind.
 Rest time is important for you to maintain balance and regenerate energy. Take time
for activities like exercise, deep breathing and meditation.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 2 is expressed as coldness,
selfishness and insensitivity. If you find yourself in this situation, you should focus on
developing your own sensitivity and sophistication. If you want to be successful with
energy number 2, you really need to become a good listener. Carefulness and
understanding others are prerequisites for quality relationships.
14LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
Career orientation
Number 2 people are very suitable for collaborating with others. Counselor, teacher and
healer - these are the careers that will help you achieve success and fulfillment. With
artistic sensitivity, you can also succeed in music, architecture, advertising, diplomacy,
lawyer, negotiator, fashion and other jobs that require meticulousness.
GRADUATION LESSON
Learn how to build quality relationships.
Bring love and peace to the world.
15LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
5
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Embrace new challenges to expand your experience
• Cultivate a resilient spirit in the face of change
• Improve your flexibility and adaptability in ever-changing circumstances
• Think outside the box and boldly try new things
• Take risks and dare to do what others are unwilling to do
17LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
BALANCE NUMBER 3
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Trust your ability to handle situations
flexibly
• Proactively share your perspectives,
propose solutions, and openly discuss to
find the best fit
• Manage your emotions and maintain a
positive attitude when facing challenges
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid overconfidence leading to
carelessness and disregard for
important factors
• Be susceptible to emotional imbalance
and working based on whims
• Control your words and avoid saying
things you’ll regret when angry
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require emotional management
and careful word choices.
20LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONALITY NUMBER 9
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an educator and a humanitarian.
• You are responsible and have lofty ideals. You are willing to put others’ needs
before your own.
• People feel safe and comfortable sharing their thoughts and feelings with you.
• You radiate a beauty of intellect akin to a wise philosopher always aiming for
spiritual purity.
• You actively engage in community activities and humanitarian activities.
• Sometimes you may find it difficult to forgive others. Learning to be tolerant and
let go will lighten your heart.
Compassion is your own best weapon.
- Chinese Buddhism -
22LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
MATURITY NUMBER
9 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential human skills to empower others to awaken their inner light and
wisdom
• Actively engaging in humanitarian activities to plant positive seeds for the world
• Dedicate yourself to serving family, clan, community and society
• Enhance foreign language proficiency and seize opportunities for development
abroad
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person
who spreads humanistic values to the world.”
24LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
ATTITUDE NUMBER 3
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have high self-confidence and self-esteem.
• From your perspective, life is incredibly interesting and colorful.
• You tend to find the good in every situation.
• You are trusting and open-hearted towards everyone, including strangers.
• Sometimes you may casually make assertions or promises without thoroughly
considering their future implications. You should choose your words carefully and
assess feasibility before speaking.
25LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 7
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Logical thinking and comprehensive analytical skills
• Excellent concentration, memory and research ability
• Contemplation and self-cultivation
• Right belief and faith
• Broad vision and strategic thinking
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-learning and knowledge research skills
• Learn to observe and analyze the essence of phenomena in life
• Practice universal laws (Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Attraction, gratitude, etc.)
• Cultivate your empathy and self-reflection abilities
• Develop strategic thinking and goal-setting abilities
27LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
28LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Dismiss others' opinions due to a self-perceived superiority
• Display arrogance, resulting in alienation from those around
• Lack loyalty and appreciation for relationships or possessions
• Overthink and hesitate excessively, often leading to wrong or delayed
decisions
Lessons for you:
• Identify your core values to discard irrelevant matters
• Overcome arrogance, and treat people with respect and trust
• Be open-minded and embrace unexpected things in life
• Be sincere and loyal in love
29LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a comprehensive mindset
and a broad vision.
• You tend to proactively consider
carefully before making decisions.
• Sometimes you become a meddler
B˜n thích s° th˛ng th˝n, chính tr°c , và s° bám ˙uˆi mˇc tiêu
because of thinking for others.
Suggestions for you:
• Incorporate more realistic thinking
and avoid idealization before
making decisions.
• Don't feed others, just teach them
how to fish so they don't rely too
much on you.
30LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
31LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
GENERATION NUMBER 8
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 8:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 8, you are one of the lucky people,
supported with a lot of potential for development.
• You are easily drawn and influenced by materialistic, powerful or luxurious elements.
• What you need to do is overcome your self-limitations, seize opportunities and work
hard.
• You are suitable for jobs related to business, finance, administration, management...
Prominent advantages:
• High fighting spirit, ready to face difficulties
• Consistency and perseverance in action
• Ability to manage finances and make good money
• Management, administration capacity and special strategy
• Aesthetic taste and high standards
Challenges:
• Overcome power temptation and material things
• Control your emotions, sometimes indifferent, sometimes overly expressive
32LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 8
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like straightforwardness, clarity, and fairness in all aspects of life.
• You are passionate about money earning and business investment.
• You like to be honored, recognized, rewarded, and have high standards in life.
• You feel satisfied when assigned leadership, management, and executive positions in
projects.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to learn how to
take care of your mental health and pay attention to your
work-life balance.
33LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1
Pinnacle 4
(age 53 - age 61)
Pinnacle 3
(age 44 - age 52)
3
3 9
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 34) (age 35 - age 43)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
34LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 34)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 3
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop rich creativity and adept communication
skills, which are crucial for your future success.
Nurture creativity
• Life will give you experiences to nurture your creative abilities through activities like
painting, writing, music, etc.
• Take time to explore various artistic fields and discover yourself in every aspect.
• By showcasing your creative talents, you can build a personal brand and draw
attention from others.
Enhance language and communication skills
• You should refine your listening and sharing skills, which will help you confidently
express your opinions and better understand others.
• Utilize this time to hone, expand your vocabulary, and practice communication
daily.
35LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Rely on others: Easily dependent on others and not proactive in making decisions.
• Don't have your own identity: Unable to assert yourself and lose confidence.
• Lack leadership ability: Have difficulty leading yourself and others.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Identify and develop strengths: Your strengths can be opportunities for you to
develop and achieve great achievements in work and life.
• Maintain positive thinking: Focus on your strengths and achievements, instead of
focusing on your weaknesses or failures.
• Make your own decisions and take responsibility: Don't doubt your own abilities,
believe that you have the ability to solve any problem independently.
• Learn and build personal skills: Learn and develop the skills needed to take care
of yourself.
36LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 35 - age 43)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 9
This is the time to open the door wider to community involvement, to give love and sincere
assistance.
Engage in community activities
• You have ample experience participating in volunteer activities. You find happiness
and meaning in dedicating time and energy to share and care for the community.
• You realize that even your small contribution can make a significant difference in
others' lives.
• Additionally, serving and giving unconditionally will bring you many rewards and a
sense of peace in your soul.
Change and be mature in cognition
• You have a clearer understanding of your true worth, social issues, the environment,
as well as a deeper appreciation of your role in the community and the world.
• You learn to be more tolerant, to let go of past pain, and to seize opportunities.
37LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
Challenge Number 7
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Difficulty finding answers and clarity: The desire to find answers for everything
in life
• Isolation feeling: Because you focus deeply inside and ponder knowledge, you
can easily appear unapproachable and others will find it difficult to interact.
• High sensitivity makes emotional management more difficult.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Create connections by talking to people around you more and paying attention
to your facial expressions and actions so that people feel comfortable when
interacting with you.
• Learn and practice constantly: The purpose is to affirm your own value
and answer the questions you are looking for.
• Practice meditation to control your emotions: You will be able to understand your
state and how to maintain or get out of that state.
38LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 44 - age 52)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 3
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to recognize the importance and continue to
develop your personal brand with high energy and stability.
Build a personal brand
• You have built a relatively complete personal brand for yourself.
• You continue to enhance your personal image to benefit your work and career.
Maintain high energy
• To leverage your creativity and create influence and inspiration for others, you
need to maintain a state of peak energy.
• If you always maintain confidence, discipline, and fighting spirit, you will achieve
success and fulfillment in this pinnacle cycle.
Express yourself comfortably
• Your creative activities are profound and experiential, easily touching people's
hearts.
• Immerse yourself in what you love to unleash your talents to new heights.
• Always be ready to seize opportunities and actively create new things for yourself.
• You need to be confident, disciplined, focused, and dedicated to what you are
doing.
39LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
Challenge Number 6
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Prioritize yourself against others without paying attention to their feelings
• Idealize problems excessively and stay away from reality
• Have difficulty balancing work and life
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Respect yourself and everyone: Find a way to balance your own interests and
others' interests while learning to be tolerant and patient.
• Be open to others: Be less judgmental, critical, and difficult, and instead extend
more love and empathy.
• Arrange the time properly: Learn how to allocate your time appropriately to both
succeed at work and maintain family happiness.
40LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 53 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 1
In this pinnacle cycle, life offers you the opportunity to further solidify your position and
leadership capabilities. What you need to do is maintain an active state, be creative, and
have an open mind to embrace new things.
Become an experienced leader
• Your astuteness, sharpness, and innate ability honed over time can make you reliable,
earning recognition and respect from others.
• You will have many opportunities to become an inspirational leader in a particular field.
Pioneer and make renovations
• You are trustworthy and entrusted with leadership roles in various tasks due to your
courage and experience accumulated over time.
• You are willing to update and familiarize yourself with new things.
Focus on self-prioritization
• Instead of focusing too much on others' opinions and judgments, you should
prioritize how to make yourself happier, independent, and decisive in all matters.
• Listen to and respect everyone's opinions, control your confidence to avoid
appearing dictatorial, conservative, or arrogant.
41LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
Challenge Number 6
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to be fastidious and have high expectations
• Don't know how to properly care for everyone
• Have no idea about how to refuse because you care too much about other
people's feelings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Accept imperfections: You need to clearly understand that each person has
their own strengths and weaknesses, thereby minimizing negative emotions if
others do not meet your expectations.
• Clearly draw the line between love and imposition, between support and
tolerance: Learn how to love and give properly to avoid being exploited and
deceived.
• Learn to say “No": Learn to refuse inappropriate things to focus on your core
goal.
42LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
43LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
44LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
45LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
46LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
47LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
51LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
52LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
53LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
54LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
55LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
56LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
57LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
58LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
59LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62LE HA QUOC KHANH
01/11/1970
CONCLUSION
Dear Le Ha Quoc Khanh
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
63