UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
TON THAT HUNG - 28/09/1970M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Ton That Hung
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19700928JV1S4L
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 3 4
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
5 1 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
3 2 4
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
1 4,9 13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
6 7 2
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
8,9,1,2,3 5,6,7,8,9 1,9,1,8
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
4,5,6 8 8,7,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
9
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
4 5
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
LIFE PATH NUMBER
9
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
77 8 Keywords
• Have good intuition • Leadership spirit
1111 2222 3333
• Big heart, like to help
• Psychology and skill in
others
communication
• Tolerance, generosity and
altruism • Like to share and
spread human values
• Smart, intellectual
• Mature, dare to take • Comprehensive
responsibility capabilities
• Perfectionism, high
standards
Energy of Number 9
People with The Life Path Number of 9 are
compassionate and generous. Your humanity affects all
aspects of your life and self. You always strive to make a
positive difference in people's lives.
You are people of honor and can be trusted in everything.
You have almost no prejudice towards anyone. You have
complete integrity and never judge with bias or let your
emotions control you
With number 9 energy, you also have intuition and a good
way of perceiving people. You are often associated with
humanistic knowledge.
12TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and willing to participate in volunteer work
• Be compassionate and don't judge anything
• Rich in ideals and strong will
• Desire to inspire and help people become better
• Enthusiastic and always giving your best
• Live with strong gratitude
• Spirit of readiness for integration
Your weaknesses
• Manage negative thoughts, don't let painful experiences become obsessions
• Avoid being too controlling and imposing standards of perfection on
everything
• Eliminate fear and stop focusing on the shortcomings of yourself and others
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Many ideas and wholehearted service
• High standards, always aiming for the best
results
• Ready to shoulder the responsibility and
spirit of a leader
• Ability to share and motivate your team
Advice
• Sometimes you need to relax and give yourself time to rest
• Share and guide instead of control
• Accepting failure is necessary to learn lessons and move
forward
• Leadership role model: leader with a big heart
13TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are generous and willing to open your
heart to help people
• Friendly and radiates a warm
• Delicate, attentive to the other person's
feelings and experiences
• Share and help others become better
• Can provide psychological counseling and
healing
Được người khác tôn trọng
Advice
Sometimes you are impatient with people who are slow or make mistakes, tending to
trust no one but yourself. However, be patient and play your important role in helping
those around you become better versions of themselves. Accompanying and leading
with your heart, that will be the key to helping you always maintain good relationships.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 9
 With the energy of number 9, you were born to become a spiritual leader, capable of
both intellectually and spiritually enlightening others. Believe in your own abilities,
cultivate the three roots of morality - intelligence - willpower, to truly be able to give
humane values to millions of people.
 People with The Life Path Number 9 may be very successful materially, but money,
wealth or power are never your biggest concern or goal. All are premises and tools to
help you achieve the greatest success in life, helping people and society become
more better and civilized.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 9 is expressed in indifference,
individualism, pragmatism, lack of sophistication and scrutiny of others. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you absorb human
values, from which you can be inspired and positively change. Only then can you
confidently walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path Number 9 include jobs in which they can help
others or bring people together, such as charity work, social welfare, public service ,
government jobs, doctors, nurses, veterinarians and any other support jobs,
musicians, artists, teachers, ambassadors or jobs related to education, humanities .
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a spiritual leader, have the ability to
open up wisdom and enlighten
the lives of others
15TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
4
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN EXPERT IN A CERTAIN FIELD
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Proficiency in expertise and constant knowledge pursuit
• Logical, specific and practical thinking
• Discipline and principle and well-thought-out skills
• Diligence, meticulousness in work and daily life
• High responsibility and a reliable support
Message for you
Destiny Number 4 indicates that you always crave to explore and delve deeply into the
marvelous knowledge of life. This drives you to continuously develop yourself, aiming to
create breakthroughs in your life. You will not stop until you become the best version of
yourself in the field you want to conquer. However, you should be open-minded and listen
to others’ opinions. This will help you broaden your perspective, acquire new knowledge,
and become more flexible.
16TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
5
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Embrace new challenges to expand your experience
• Cultivate a resilient spirit in the face of change
• Improve your flexibility and adaptability in ever-changing circumstances
• Think outside the box and boldly try new things
• Take risks and dare to do what others are unwilling to do
17TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
BALANCE NUMBER 3
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Trust your ability to handle situations
flexibly
• Proactively share your perspectives,
propose solutions, and openly discuss to
find the best fit
• Manage your emotions and maintain a
positive attitude when facing challenges
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid overconfidence leading to
carelessness and disregard for
important factors
• Be susceptible to emotional imbalance
and working based on whims
• Control your words and avoid saying
things you’ll regret when angry
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require emotional management
and careful word choices.
20TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONALITY NUMBER 3
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an inspirer
• People are often impressed by your humor, charm and fun-loving nature.
• You always maintain a positive outlook on life.
• You are a natural entertainer who knows how to liven up the atmosphere.
• You are open-minded, friendly and willing to share everything from the first
meeting.
• You take care of your appearance and desire to showcase your talents.
Every day without smiling is a wasted day.
-E.E. Cummings -
22TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
23TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
MATURITY NUMBER
4 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate your own discipline, principles and ethics
• Establish a detailed plan and persistently pursue your goals
• Continuously develop your professional expertise
• Equip yourself with knowledge about investment, finance and real
estate
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to develop yourself into a true expert.’’
24TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
ATTITUDE NUMBER 1
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are an independent and proactive individual who dislikes relying on others for
help.
• You firmly believe in your ability to overcome any challenges that life throws your
way.
• You see life as a world brimming with potential awaiting exploration.
• Sometimes you can be impulsive, not carefully considering the outcomes before
acting.
• You have a high competitive spirit, prefer proving personal opinion and desire
community recognition. You should cultivate humility, active listening and continuous
learning.
25TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 9
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Immense compassion and love for others
• Sympathy with those in difficult situations
• Unconditional assistance and giving
• High responsibility and lofty ideals
• Ability to share and train knowledge
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Nurture an altruistic heart and develop broad visionary perspective
• Strengthen your physical and mental health
• Eagerly participate in volunteer activities with a humanitarian spirit
• Cultivate virtues and spread them to everyone
• Boldly step outside your comfort zone and do what you dream of but have never
acted on
27TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
6
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a dreamer and have a habit
of thinking about everything at once.
• You often easily ignore the overall
picture and cannot see the whole
because you focus too much on small
details.
B˜n s°n sàng ˛˝a r a những quyết (cid:29)ịnh mạo hiểm và không sợ thử thách
• You also tend to come up with
solutions in a gentle, emotional way.
Suggestions for you:
• You should learn to think more multi-
dimensionally to have an overall view
and clearly analyze each option
before making a choice.
• Depending on the situation, there may
be more decisive and independent
thinking and solutions.
28TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
29TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
GENERATION NUMBER 8
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 8:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 8, you are one of the lucky people,
supported with a lot of potential for development.
• You are easily drawn and influenced by materialistic, powerful or luxurious elements.
• What you need to do is overcome your self-limitations, seize opportunities and work
hard.
• You are suitable for jobs related to business, finance, administration, management...
Prominent advantages:
• High fighting spirit, ready to face difficulties
• Consistency and perseverance in action
• Ability to manage finances and make good money
• Management, administration capacity and special strategy
• Aesthetic taste and high standards
Challenges:
• Overcome power temptation and material things
• Control your emotions, sometimes indifferent, sometimes overly expressive
30TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 2
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are good at listening, giving advice, and always want to connect with people.
• You prefer gentleness and romance, always aiming for a friendly and peaceful
environment.
• You respect and acknowledge others, and you also want them to respect and
acknowledge you as well.
• You have a persuasive ability, being able to make people trust and listen.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to further hone your
ability to listen and subtly perceive other people's emotions.
31TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
8
Pinnacle 4
(age 46 - age 54)
Pinnacle 3
(age 37 - age 45)
1
1 9
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 27) (age 28 - age 36)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 27)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 1
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture your confidence, leadership skills, and
transform yourself into a better version.
Cultivate independence
• This pinnacle cycle demands that you learn to solve problems and confront difficult
situations independently.
• You gain additional courage and confidence to take control of your life and stand
on your own two feet.
Develop leadership skills
• There are many opportunities for you to lay the groundwork for becoming a leader,
but what's crucial is that you seize and make the most of them.
• Initiating a project or establishing your own company or business could also be a
goal you should set during this stage.
Pioneer and create new value
• You need the courage to step out of your comfort zone and relentlessly pursue your
personal goals.
• Dare to think differently and take action, leading the way. Thereby, you can create
trends or new achievements in a particular field.
33TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
Challenge Number 8
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Big ego: This can lead to a loss of connection with those around you.
• Too much focus on fame and materialism: Manifest in loss of balance
between personal life and work.
• Health deterioration due to irregular living: Irregular living and overworking under high
intensity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Lower your ego and listen to other people's opinions: Open your heart to listen to
the feedback from others, sometimes they are the ones who can see the aspects
that you don't understand.
• Balance between mental health and work: Allow yourself to relax comfortably after
stressful working hours, and don't put too much pressure on yourself with far-fetched
goals.
• Practice exercises: Exercises will help you stay healthy to achieve your goals
34TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 28 - age 36)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 9
This is the time to open the door wider to community involvement, to give love and sincere
assistance.
Engage in community activities
• You have ample experience participating in volunteer activities. You find happiness
and meaning in dedicating time and energy to share and care for the community.
• You realize that even your small contribution can make a significant difference in
others' lives.
• Additionally, serving and giving unconditionally will bring you many rewards and a
sense of peace in your soul.
Change and be mature in cognition
• You have a clearer understanding of your true worth, social issues, the environment,
as well as a deeper appreciation of your role in the community and the world.
• You learn to be more tolerant, to let go of past pain, and to seize opportunities.
35TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
Challenge Number 7
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Difficulty finding answers and clarity: The desire to find answers for everything
in life
• Isolation feeling: Because you focus deeply inside and ponder knowledge, you
can easily appear unapproachable and others will find it difficult to interact.
• High sensitivity makes emotional management more difficult.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Create connections by talking to people around you more and paying attention
to your facial expressions and actions so that people feel comfortable when
interacting with you.
• Learn and practice constantly: The purpose is to affirm your own value
and answer the questions you are looking for.
• Practice meditation to control your emotions: You will be able to understand your
state and how to maintain or get out of that state.
36TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 37 - age 45)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need,
then charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 1
This is the pinnacle cycle where you have enough confidence to choose your own path and
fully focus on your personal journey without being influenced by others' opinions.
Dare to dream big
• With independence and courage, you have the belief and ability to choose your
own path.
• Don't hesitate to challenge yourself in new fields to gain experience for long-term
goals in the future.
Build a vision
• With the ability to see far and wide and a pioneering mindset, this is the time to
unleash your potential to become a leader.
• You should set clear goals, commit to pursuing them to the end, and take full
responsibility for your actions.
Focus on yourself
• You need to understand that what others say about you is not as important as
you may think.
• Maintaining a positive mindset and a daring attitude will surely help you go further
on the path to finding happiness and success.
37TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
38TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 46 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 8
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to further strengthen the material
aspect through opportunities in business, finance, etc. Your task is to plan appropriately to
be ready for every potential outcome.
Develop career opportunities
• Regardless of age, you can still seize new opportunities and achieve significant goals.
• Experience, wisdom, and social relationships accumulated over time are great
advantages for you.
• Be confident in seizing and resolutely pursuing your goals and tasks.
Maximize business capabilities
• During this pinnacle, you can explore new fields in business or delve deeper into
areas where you already have experience.
• You have the potential to start your own business based on your knowledge and
relationships or participate in business projects with potential for growth.
Increase significant material accumulation opportunities
• The potential for material accumulation during this pinnacle is significant. You
should plan for financial management, tap into economic potential, protect assets,
and gradually develop retirement plans.
39TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
40TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
41TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
42TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
43TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
44TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
45TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
46TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
47TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
4 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 4 is a suitable day for you to focus on work and build a solid
foundation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus on work, and work hard which leads to good results
• Plan realistically, firmly and in details
• Clean up your living space and workplace as well as "clean up" your mind
• Discipline yourself, participate in physical training activities
• Be careful and thoroughly consider the actual situation, slowly but surely
51TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
52TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
53TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60TON THAT HUNG
28/09/1970
CONCLUSION
Dear Ton That Hung
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61