UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN - 17/04/2003M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Nguyenkhoa Dieu Anya Thaovan
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
20030417HL9K1H
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 3 3
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
5 6 8
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
6 0 11
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
3 - -
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
4 9 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,4,7,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
6,7,8 5 4,3,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
8
LIFE PATH
6
SOUL URGE
3 5
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
LIFE PATH NUMBER
8
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
77 99
• Attractive, high energy • Good copy ability
1111 2222 3333
• Ambitious, have clear • Capable of influencing
goals
• Practical, clear
• Excellent management
• High self-esteem and
• High standards of ego
quality of life
• Learn through
• Be sensitive to business experience
opportunities
Energy of Number 8
Carrying the energy of number 8, you represent leadership,
strength, wealth and power, the spirit of an entrepreneur
Number 8 people have excellent organizing, leading,
guiding and commanding skills. You are ambitious, have
goals and always desire to achieve them as quickly and
effectively as possible. You have great intellectual and
emotional abilities.
This is the number of leaders and those who wield power
wisely. You have all the conditions to unite people, make
them believe and work towards a common ideal.
12NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
Your strengths
• Have positive energy, extremely attractive
• Be fair and have the right moral values
• Ambitious and likes to challenge myself
• Creativity and passion help you realize your dreams
• Courageous and steadfast to the end
• Be clear and straightforward in everything
Your weaknesses
• Manage emotions to always maintain positive energy
• Being ambitious can make you use any means necessary to achieve your goals.
But never forget the moral values you need to cultivate.
• Imbalance between work, power and other aspects of life.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Addicted to work and always trying my best
• Help those you work with maximize your
potential
• You learn and grow on the job through real-
life experiences
• Ability to manage and lead others to achieve
goals
Advice
• In the early stages, don't put too much emphasis on money
and finances. Focusing on giving and serving with all your
heart will help you get unexpected opportunities.
• Support colleagues with a sincere heart
• Balance your ambitions for power with other aspects of life
such as health, family, friends, etc.
• Leadership role models: high goals and long-term visions
13NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• You are attractive and make
connections easily
• Bright appearance and
communication ability are your
strengths
• Be clear and unambiguous, especially
in financial matters
• Be dedicated and always do your
best in relationships
Advice
Sometimes your ego is so high that you only focus on criticizing and protecting your
own rights without considering the perspectives of others. Stay calm and learn to
listen and respond positively, only then will you be able to maintain good quality
relationships
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 8
 With the energy of number 8, you are extremely ambitious, with excellent
organizing, leading, guiding and commanding abilities. There are times when you
will experience ups and downs and challenges, but believe that nothing and no
one can stop you from walking on the path of success in your life.
 Number 8's dreams are never small, dream big and always aim for a quality and
classy life.
 Pursue happiness and success with wisdom, maturity and discipline. Sometimes
appreciating and rewarding yourself is absolutely necessary to keep you
motivated. Learn to be grateful and appreciate what you have and have
achieved.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 8 is expressed as contentment,
passivity, aimlessness, carelessness and negativity. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you hone your communication
skills, regain confidence, and reach common goals. Therefore, you can confidently
walk the path of conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
Career orientation
The ideal career for people with The Life Path Number 8 is big business, jobs related to
finance, commerce, large corporations, senior executive positions, banking, financial or
political consultant, advisor, corporate lawyer, investment broker, sourcing
agent, politician, urban planner, business analyst, civil engineer, athlete , chain store
manager, government official, manufacturer, or school principal, etc. There are also
many artists and actors with Life Path Number 8 energy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person with excellent
transformation and executive capacity
15NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
3
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN INSPIRER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Always have a positive and optimistic attitude in life
• Utilize words skillfully, flexibly and intelligently
• Possess a rich imagination and an exceptional creativity
• Be quick-witted, humorous, and bring laughter to others
• Have the ability to inspire and transform people’s lives through your words
Message for you
Before inspiring others, you need to tap into your true potential, bravely express your
authentic self and pursue your own destiny. You will achieve your highest purpose by living
with optimism, passion, compassion and joy. It is crucial to focus on the positive, believe in
the good things ahead and persevere in your goals.
16NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
5
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Embrace new challenges to expand your experience
• Cultivate a resilient spirit in the face of change
• Improve your flexibility and adaptability in ever-changing circumstances
• Think outside the box and boldly try new things
• Take risks and dare to do what others are unwilling to do
17NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
6 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You always strive for truth, goodness and beauty in life
• Your happiness comes from peaceful moments with
family and loved ones.
• You are willing to lend a helping hand to others and
dedicate yourself to a better society.
Favorite workplaces
• Bring warmth, intimacy and foster team spirit
• Cultivate compassion and kindness among people
• Create opportunities to contribute and spread love
to others
Suitable relationships
• Build on love and harmony
• Have mutual care, empathy and companionship
• Connect with responsible, sincere and faithful
individuals
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
BALANCE NUMBER 3
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Trust your ability to handle situations
flexibly
• Proactively share your perspectives,
propose solutions, and openly discuss to
find the best fit
• Manage your emotions and maintain a
positive attitude when facing challenges
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid overconfidence leading to
carelessness and disregard for
important factors
• Be susceptible to emotional imbalance
and working based on whims
• Control your words and avoid saying
things you’ll regret when angry
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require emotional management
and careful word choices.
20NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 8
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Quick-witted, charismatic and strong-willed personality
• High standards and distinctive aesthetic sense
• Diligent, persistent and highly determined person
Natural abilities
• Proficiency in calculation and copying skills
• Excellent planning, management and goal-setting abilities
• Have a considerable business and financial acumen
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for career Business and sales Highly competitive
development workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONALITY NUMBER 6
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an affectionate person.
• You are a warm, kind and gentle person.
• You are thoughtful and attentive to others from the smallest details.
• People feel safe and understood when sharing their stories with you.
• You are sensitive and easily absorb others' negative emotions.
• You are always willing to help others in the best way you can.
You must love in a way that makes the person you love feel free.
- Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh -
22NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
MATURITY NUMBER
11 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Seek out good companions in both friendship and other social relationships
• Cultivate keen observation and analytical skills when solving problems
• Continuously enhance your professional expertise to contribute value and
inspire the community
• Foster leadership with firmness and empathy, and networking skills
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a powerful
inspiration to other people.”
23NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
ATTITUDE NUMBER 3
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have high self-confidence and self-esteem.
• From your perspective, life is incredibly interesting and colorful.
• You tend to find the good in every situation.
• You are trusting and open-hearted towards everyone, including strangers.
• Sometimes you may casually make assertions or promises without thoroughly
considering their future implications. You should choose your words carefully and
assess feasibility before speaking.
24NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
You have no Karmic Debt Number
• Congratulations, you do not have any Karmic Debt Number. Therefore, you will
live joyfully, encounter more favorable circumstances, and face fewer challenges
than those who have to graduate from the lessons of Karmic Debt Number.
• However, remember that success requires effort and dedication from everyone.
You should constantly remind yourself of your life’s purpose, thereby setting goals
to self-improve and achieve radiant success.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Maturity is inevitable, regardless of whether
life is gentle or harsh.
25NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
4
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a person with a practical way
of thinking and logical analysis ability.
• You also have a disciplined and
prudent way of thinking.
• You tend to maintain your reason,
stabilize your emotions, and stay calm
in the face of all problems.
Suggestions for you:
• Depending on the situation, there
may be more open and agile thinking
and solutions.
• Try to relax, and allow yourself to
experience new things so that your
emotions can be expressed freely.
26NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
9
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Don't be too perfectionist with yourself which definitely puts pressure on yourself
• Always aim for humanistic values and cultivate a mind toward goodness
• Create relationships with other humane people to gain additional perspectives
on how to solve problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing moral and humane roots will be your guideline
whenever you encounter difficulties and challenges.
27NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
GENERATION NUMBER 5
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 5:
• When you own the Energy of Generation Number 5, you always like freedom, desire
constant innovation, and experience many interesting things in life.
• Showing optimism and positivity in life with a dreamy soul
• Always looking outward, an extroverted, dynamic, attractive, and radiant
type of person
• What you need to do is maintain a positive energy level and consider a realistic
perspective before taking action.
• You are suitable for working in a creativity-focused environment, especially in fields
of a social and artistic nature.
Prominent advantages:
• Creative with many new and unique ideas
• Flexible, easily adapts to circumstances
• Thinking beyond the times
• Multi-talented
Challenges:
• Improvisation, acting on emotions
• Having difficulty committing and pursuing goals to the end
• Manage risks and control your own energy
28NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
29NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
9
Pinnacle 4
(age 47 - age 55)
Pinnacle 3
(age 38 - age 46)
7
3 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 28) (age 29 - age 37)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
30NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 28)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 3
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop rich creativity and adept communication
skills, which are crucial for your future success.
Nurture creativity
• Life will give you experiences to nurture your creative abilities through activities like
painting, writing, music, etc.
• Take time to explore various artistic fields and discover yourself in every aspect.
• By showcasing your creative talents, you can build a personal brand and draw
attention from others.
Enhance language and communication skills
• You should refine your listening and sharing skills, which will help you confidently
express your opinions and better understand others.
• Utilize this time to hone, expand your vocabulary, and practice communication
daily.
31NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Lack of discipline: During this period, you are easily self-indulgent, lack discipline,
and break the rules
• Easy relinquishment: In challenge number 4, you need to pay attention to your
sense of giving up when faced with difficult challenges that require a lot of
perseverance and pursuit to conquer.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Practice self-discipline: This involves setting rules and goals for yourself, then
focusing on sticking to and implementing them.
• Focus on both the process and the results: It's important to make persevering
efforts every day and think about the end result you have set as your goal to avoid
giving up easily
• Take time for yourself: To maintain perseverance, you need to take time for
yourself. This includes relaxing, exercising, or participating in activities you enjoy
which give you motivation to face challenges.
32NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 29 - age 37)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
33NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty expressing personality when you always feel shy or have difficulty
communicating your thoughts and feelings clearly
• Struggle with communication: Talking too little or talking a lot but not jumping to
the point, or sometimes using ineffective communication methods
• Easily follow your emotions and lack decisiveness which leads to easy conflicts in
emotional connections with surrounding relationships
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Dare to show your creativity: You'll unlock your creative potential as you explore
different art forms, such as writing or music.
• Form confidence in yourself: Accept your own personal identity so you can be as
honest as possible when expressing your emotions.
• Improve effective communication skills including active listening and clear
expression to improve interactions with others.
• Practice recognizing and understanding your emotions: Use your consciousness to
evaluate whether the emotion will lead to any inappropriate action.
• Recognize and affirm your self-worth: Move on from seeking external validation to
self-assessment, from which you can identify your strengths and weaknesses and
assert your own value from there.
34NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 38 - age 46)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 7
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to spend more time contemplating the truths
about yourself, life, and enriching your knowledge.
Develop inner self
• You will gain a deep understanding of yourself and the profound meaning of life.
• You should explore intuition and start practicing a discipline that delves into your
inner self and seeks some "Faith" such as Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Karma,
etc.
Enhance soft skills
• The more you engage in learning and self-development, the more opportunities
you will have for advancement in your career.
• Identify your competitive advantages and focus on developing them into
"weapons" to position yourself in life.
Cultivate wisdom
• You need to focus more on specialized study as well as learning to enhance your
intelligence and awareness.
• Trust yourself and strive to develop aspects or skills within your field of expertise
that have not yet been explored.
35NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
36NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 47 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 9
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to carry out community-oriented
projects, spreading inspiration widely. The important thing to do is to maintain an open
mind, seek new opportunities for connection, and continue to develop.
Spread human values and inspiration
• You have many opportunities to become a leader, spreading these values
to the lives of those around you
• You can establish volunteer communities, charitable funds to realize your
ideals of helping others.
Outreach international opportunities
• With the experience, knowledge, and personal network accumulated over time, you
can leverage them to promote international development.
• Learn a new language to further strengthen your development.
Serve community
• Service is a noble expression of maturity and life experience.
• Not only do you contribute to society, but you also nurture your family by
caring for and supporting future generations; Spend time and effort to share
knowledge to help them grow and succeed in life.
37NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
38NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
39NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
40NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
41NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
42NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
44NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
45NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
46NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
47NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
48NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
49NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
50NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
51NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
52NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
53NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
54NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
55NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
56NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
57NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58NGUYENKHOA DIEU ANYA THAOVAN
17/04/2003
CONCLUSION
Dear Nguyenkhoa Dieu Anya Thaovan
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
59