UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HUANG TIEN MAO - 06/10/1978M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Huang Tien mao
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19781006XG1Y7X
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
5 5 2
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
3 7 6
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
4 3 7
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
7 - 14/5,16/7,13/4
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 9 5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
5,6,7,8,9 2,3,4,5,6 7,4,2,8
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
1,2,3 7 5,1,4,6
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
5
LIFE PATH
7
SOUL URGE
2 3
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
LIFE PATH NUMBER
5
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3 indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Flexible, free • Smart, bright
11 22 33
• Rich imagination • Attract and connect
• Open-minded and
• Conquer and explore
generous
• Manage and handle
• High energy, positive, fun
situations well
• Clever, seizing good
opportunities • Accept confrontation
and challenges
Energy of Number 5
With energy number 5, you were born with freedom,
creativity and enthusiasm. Discovering unknown things is
your strength. The number 5 refers to an extremely powerful
source of energy. Therefore, number 5's people often
succeed thanks to innovation and creativity. Flexibility and
versatility help you complete assigned tasks excellently.
12HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
Your strengths
• Optimistic, positive, energetic
• Open-minded, adaptable
• Resourceful and multi-talented
• Smart and full of ideas
• Adventurous , not afraid to face difficulties
Your weaknesses
• "If you crave it, you'll soon get bored", not being steadfast with your goals
• Managing emotions and mental health
• Avoiding excessive indulgence and inability to escape from it
• Wasteful and too ostentatious
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Creative and full of groundbreaking ideas
• Easy to adapt and seize opportunities, not
afraid of challenges
• Be able to persuade helps you achieve good
results at work
• Be intelligence and agility help you
understand and perform tasks quickly
Advice
• Be persistent and determined to your goals
• Choose the suitable job carefully. Frequent job changes can
negatively impact your brand value.
• Control your emotions and thoughts for the big picture
• Leadership model: continuous innovation and creativity
13HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Rich in sympathy for unfortunate lives
• Attractive and easy to get along with
people
• Interesting and knows how to make
conversations engaging
• The ability to build connected communities
Advice
Your love for freedom and constant self-renewal can make you easily feel bored and
want to give up if you feel controlled in a relationship. However, it is crucial to be honest
and openly share your feelings to gain understanding. Only then can you maintain
quality and lasting relationships. In addition, you should be careful not to say things that
you cannot do or make empty promises
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 5
 Use your energy and enthusiasm to ignite passion in others and motivate them to
achieve success.
 Focus on building your personal brand through social media channels to increase
your ability to connect and spread positive values. Take advantage of the
opportunity to shine anytime, anywhere.
 A very important message is that no matter how much freedom and exploration you
have, don't forget to practice discipline. The more number 5’s people maintain
discipline and cultivate moral roots, the more successful and happy they will be.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 5 is expressed in rigidity, fear of
commitment, slovenliness, introversion, and social anxiety. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on developing your self-confidence, communication skills and building a
neat and attractive image. Only then can you be able to fully utilize the energy of
number 5 and reach your life's destination.
14HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
Career orientation
You thrive in creative environments and social and artistic fields where you can utilize
your tactful communication skills and natural enthusiasm such as: tour guide, flight
attendant, journalist, writer, speaker, director, actor, fashion designer, photographer,
social media manager, project manager, sales business, marketing,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become an innovator who creates
creative, positive values
for the community.
15HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
2
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A LISTENER, CONNECTOR VÀ LOVING PEOPLE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Actively listen, empathize, and thoroughly understand others’ stories
• Build strong and genuine connections among individuals
• Maintain fairness and respect for each individual’s differences
• Live harmoniously with everyone through gentle and sincere care
• Have reconciliation skills through tactful behavior and communication
Message for you
Your mission is to bring people together by creating a harmonious atmosphere and
collaborative spirit. You should learn to foster relationships as well as to connect with
yourself and people. Only when you have self-appreciation can you be open to deeply
touch others’ hearts. You have the beauty of compassion and peace within yourself, so do
not hesitate to step outside the comfort zone and bring these values to life.
16HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
3
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Make time for self-care and engage in enjoyable activities
• Maintain a positive mindset and keep your spirits up
• Learn to make friends and connect with others
• Hone your public speaking and presentation abilities
• Be more determined to pursue your passions
17HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
7
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for knowledge and wisdom development
• You enjoy private, quiet spaces for work and
relaxation.
• You appreciate specific, practical data and clear
evidence.
• You have a passion for researching and exploring
the essence of everything in life.
• You are interested in things related to spirituality,
nature and humanity.
Favorite workplaces
• Demand high professional competence and in-depth
research skills
• Have a quiet, private space for you to focus and
contemplate
• Create opportunities to explore yourself and expand
your knowledge every day
Suitable relationships
• Have emotional depth, profound trust and
understanding of your needs
• Connect with individuals who are passionate about
learning and sharing knowledge
• Help you understand yourself and the essence of life
more deeply
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
BALANCE NUMBER 5
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Maintain an optimistic perspective and
balance emotions in all situations
• Prefer the freedom to decide your life,
aspiring to create unique and
memorable experiences
• Sometimes prioritize alternative
approaches to relieve mental pressure
before resolving problems
Things to keep in mind:
• Approach problems objectively, avoiding
imposing your own thoughts on others
• Avoid selfish thinking and taking
reckless actions
• Choose healthy stress-relieving
methods, steering clear of substance
abuse and procrastination in problem-
solving
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require cultivating your discipline and
focus instead of wasting excessive time on entertainment.
20HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 6
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Gentle, peaceful and family-oriented
• Compassionate, empathetic and moved by hardship
• Highly responsible and artistically creative
Natural abilities
• Skilled in active listening and giving encouragement to others
• Flexible in analyzing situations and providing empathetic
advice
• Excellent attention to detail skills
The environment for your talent development
Opportunity for contribution Beauty and Supportive and
and creativity wellness care respectful workplace
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONALITY NUMBER 4
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a serious and
knowledgeable person
• People may find you a bit cold and unapproachable at first glance.
• You may have a serious appearance, but you are kind-hearted deep down.
• Your diligence, meticulousness and perfectionism are evident both in your
work and daily life.
• You are very intelligent, curious and have a steadfast spirit.
• You are practical, traditional and struggle with change.
The harder you work, the luckier you will be.
-Samuel Goldwyn -
22HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
3 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• You should learn to express your emotions more clearly with others.
• Be confident and showcase your talents in a healthy way, avoiding excessive
self-expression.
• Cultivating your relationships openly and sincerely is very beneficial to create
a strong foundation for understanding and positive interaction.
23HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
MATURITY NUMBER
7
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Continuously develop deep and profound knowledge
• Share knowledge and elevate others’ intellect
• Dedicate time to introspection and exploring the essence of life
• Delve into the inner self to understand your true calling
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a strategist.”
24HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
ATTITUDE NUMBER 7
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You understand that there is an essence behind every object and phenomenon.
• You have an intuitive view and can connect various events into meaningful stories.
• You observe with intelligence and always seek answers to life’s questions.
• You are perceptive, easily recognizing differences and not missing any details in any
matter.
• You cherish every experience in life for personal development.
25HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
26HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 16/7
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Dismiss others' opinions due to a self-perceived superiority
• Display arrogance, resulting in alienation from those around
• Lack loyalty and appreciation for relationships or possessions
• Overthink and hesitate excessively, often leading to wrong or delayed
decisions
Lessons for you:
• Identify your core values to discard irrelevant matters
• Overcome arrogance, and treat people with respect and trust
• Be open-minded and embrace unexpected things in life
• Be sincere and loyal in love
27HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
11
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are a highly creative and interesting
thinker.
• Sharp intuitive thinking and deep
emotions are your outstanding
characteristics.
• You tend to have contradictory thinking:
Bạn chủ (cid:20)ộng tạo thiện cảm và quan tâm tới từng chi tiết nhỏ
sometimes strong and decisive;
sometimes hesitant and wavering.
Suggestions for you:
• Elevate yourself through developing
your thinking, become an
outstanding and inspirational leader.
• Balance between two streams of
thinking, learn to listen selectively,
and stay consistent in carrying out
your choices.
28HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
9
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Don't be too perfectionist with yourself which definitely puts pressure on yourself
• Always aim for humanistic values and cultivate a mind toward goodness
• Create relationships with other humane people to gain additional perspectives
on how to solve problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing moral and humane roots will be your guideline
whenever you encounter difficulties and challenges.
29HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
GENERATION NUMBER 7
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 7:
• When you own the Energy of Generation Number 7, you stand out with your
uniqueness, personality, intelligence, and a bit of rebellion.
• You are easily attracted to spiritual elements, cosmic laws or related to
human awareness.
• What you need to do is constantly develop and improve yourself;
Discover more about the laws of the universe to connect with your ego,
thereby promoting human awakening.
• You are suitable for jobs that require in-depth research, logic, and
meticulousness.
Prominent advantages:
• Deep and sensitive introspection
• Exploration, learning and research are very logical and systematic
• Smart, good analytical ability
• Be clear about your own value and abilities
• Ready to fight and protect justice
Challenges:
• Sometimes we feel conflicted between our inner self and our external personality
• Suspicious, difficult to trust anyone but yourself
• Enjoy being alone but afraid of loneliness, sometimes vulnerable but not show it
30HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
31HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
8
Pinnacle 4
(age 50 - age 58)
Pinnacle 3
(age 41 - age 49)
2
7 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 31) (age 32 - age 40)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 31)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 7
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to cultivate your potential, develop intuition, and
practice a spiritual discipline. These are important assets for your future.
Improve yourself
• This is a precious time to explore and hone your latent abilities, aiming to become
the best version of yourself.
• These could be opportunities to build new skills: from learning a new language, soft
skills to professional skills, helping you enhance your abilities and working capacity.
Pursue spiritual growth
• This is an appropriate stage for you to study and understand the metaphysical
world and alternative methods.
• Just by seizing development opportunities, trusting intuition, and starting to
practice a spiritual discipline, you will have the ability to achieve happiness and
success.
33HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Easily break commitments and promises: During this stage, you need to focus on
ensuring your commitment and promises so as not to be considered "empty talk" or
"commitment and leave it at that."
• Easily fall into a loss of self-control: You may have more opportunities to
experience, but you need to practice self-control over pleasures to focus on what is
truly important to you.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Record progress and set rewards and punishments: Recording and setting your
rewards and punishments for what you have done will help you appreciate your
journey more, thereby avoiding giving up and breaking your initial commitment.
• Always remind yourself of your initial motivation: Find internal and external
motivation to keep your commitment strong. Remind yourself of the reason why
you made the commitment and the benefits your goal brings.
• Set priorities: You need to learn to prioritize and decline things that don't align
with your goals and values.
34HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 32 - age 40)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
35HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The goal has not been large enough to pursue
• Not decisive and determined to carry out your plan
• The idea of relying on and depending on others due to a lack of confidence in one's
abilities or having a high ego when listening to the opinions of others
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Discover and reflect on yourself: Engage in a reflective process to understand your
own values, strengths, and passions. This exploration can help you build a strong
sense of personal identity and purpose.
• Cultivate a progressive mindset: Regarding challenges as opportunities to learn
and improve yourself, and consider failure as a stepping stone to success.
• Seek out a mentor or guidance: Learn from people with experience and the ability
to teach valuable knowledge about leadership and create pioneering values.
• Step out of the comfort zone: Gradually step out of your comfort zone and
proactively accept anticipated risks to build confidence and assertiveness.
36HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 41 - age 49)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 2
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue to enhance your ability to cooperate in
relationships and live more slowly to listen to yourself and others.
Develop relationships
• Taking responsibility for connecting with others and advising them on problem-
solving will help your work grow and develop smoothly.
• You need to maintain balance, diplomacy, and a cooperative spirit in your
relationships.
Develop intuition
• The combination of rich life experience and strong intuition helps you become more
sensitive. You have the ability to understand the needs of others and how to help
them.
• This is a prime time to enhance your knowledge of counseling, arts, music, or other
areas that support others.
Live slowly
• Everything in your life comes naturally and has its own arrangements.
• Focus on developing your understanding of the world both internally and externally.
• Live and behave modestly, as showing yourself too much usually does not bring
positive impact.
37HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty disciplining yourself
• Don't manage time during the day leads to overwhelming and negative emotions
• Be overconfident in your own abilities leads to conservatism
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Face problems: Instead of procrastinating or fleeing, you need to face all
challenges directly and persevere in solving problems to the end.
• Make a detailed plan: Make detailed plans and goals for each period so it's easy
to control and act upon.
• Get ready to broaden your knowledge: Instead of closing your inherent thinking
in a stereotypical way and following a beaten path, learn to think more multi-
dimensionally and be willing to learn from others.
38HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 50 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 8
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to further strengthen the material
aspect through opportunities in business, finance, etc. Your task is to plan appropriately to
be ready for every potential outcome.
Develop career opportunities
• Regardless of age, you can still seize new opportunities and achieve significant goals.
• Experience, wisdom, and social relationships accumulated over time are great
advantages for you.
• Be confident in seizing and resolutely pursuing your goals and tasks.
Maximize business capabilities
• During this pinnacle, you can explore new fields in business or delve deeper into
areas where you already have experience.
• You have the potential to start your own business based on your knowledge and
relationships or participate in business projects with potential for growth.
Increase significant material accumulation opportunities
• The potential for material accumulation during this pinnacle is significant. You
should plan for financial management, tap into economic potential, protect assets,
and gradually develop retirement plans.
39HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
Challenge Number 6
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to be fastidious and have high expectations
• Don't know how to properly care for everyone
• Have no idea about how to refuse because you care too much about other
people's feelings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Accept imperfections: You need to clearly understand that each person has
their own strengths and weaknesses, thereby minimizing negative emotions if
others do not meet your expectations.
• Clearly draw the line between love and imposition, between support and
tolerance: Learn how to love and give properly to avoid being exploited and
deceived.
• Learn to say “No": Learn to refuse inappropriate things to focus on your core
goal.
40HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
41HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
42HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
43HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
44HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
45HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
46HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
47HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
48HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
49HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
50HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
51HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
52HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
3 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 3 is the ideal day to enjoy life, develop your communication skills
and creativity as well.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Build new relationships
• Have fun and spread positive energy
• Spend time for group activities
• Share resources and assets with others
• Promote creativity
53HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60HUANG TIEN MAO
06/10/1978
CONCLUSION
Dear Huang Tien mao
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61