UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL - 22/07/1980M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Johansson Bengt Michael
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19800722ZQ7I9R
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
11 7 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
5 6 4
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
1 5 9
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
2 - 19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 9 1,5
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
9,1,2,3,4 6,7,8,9,1 2,4,6,7
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
5,6,7 9 3,5,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
11
LIFE PATH
6
SOUL URGE
7 5
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
LIFE PATH NUMBER
11
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Ability to inspire • Skillful in communication
22 33
• Leadership capacity
• Special attraction
• Connection capacity
• Inner strength
• Good intuition
• Big vision
• Great diplomatic ability
• The ability to
understand people
Energy of Number 11
The combination of the energy of the two numbers "1" and
"2". These are inherently a pair of numbers that do not have
many similarities, creating the impressive and sometimes
confusing Life Path Number 11.
With number 11 energy, you have a strong moral compass
and ego, not easily shaken by external influences.
You have the excellent communication ability of number 2
along with the strong pioneering energy of number 1. Traits
that make you an endlessly enlightening and inspiring
person.
The energy of certain "masters" together makes you have
great intuition and psychic abilities.
12JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
Your strengths
• Radiate warm and loving energy
• Endless creativity
• Think positively, always be grateful
• Excited and enthusiastic in sharing knowledge
• Sensitive and has good intuition
• Great ambitions and aspirations
• Always put kindness and kindness first
• Flexibility, communication and mediation capacity
Your weaknesses
• Excessive anxiety can cause your advantages to completely disappear
• Unpredictable changes in emotions, sometimes strong and courageous,
sometimes fragile and weak.
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Big ambitions and goals
• Initiate projects and promote growth in
your field of expertise
• Good thinking and the ability to share are
the keys to gaining trust
Advice
• Prepare carefully to equip yourself with confidence before
daring to accept challenges and start projects
• Decisive and persistent with goals
• Leadership role models: inspiration and positive values
13JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Have empathy and be sensitive to the
needs of others
• The judge, plays the role of mediator in
relationships
• Always maintain gratitude and sincerity
with your partner
• Can become a support for everyone
• Ability to listen and be able to give
valuable advice
Advice
You may be greatly influenced by other people's negative emotions and find it difficult
to escape. Try to relax yourself, look deep inside to resolve and find positive energy for
yourself.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 11
 With the energy of number 11, your life purpose is to enlighten and release the
magical power within each person. You instill in them a strong belief and life energy.
 Always maintain your life motto: "Do it kindly, or don't do it!"
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 11 is expressed in a dependent
lifestyle, no opinion, selfishness and reluctance to share. If you find yourself in this
situation, focus on finding an environment that helps you develop your communication
skills and independent thinking. Only then can you confidently walk the path of
conquering success and fulfillment in life.
14JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
Career orientation
Careers for people with The Life Path 11 include inventor, teacher, scientist,
lecturer, inspirational writer, political activist, philosopher, astronomer, psychic,
innovator, artist, abstract thinker, musician, inventor in the fields of science,
technology, electronics and telepathy.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a great enlightener
and inspiration
15JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
5
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Embrace new challenges to expand your experience
• Cultivate a resilient spirit in the face of change
• Improve your flexibility and adaptability in ever-changing circumstances
• Think outside the box and boldly try new things
• Take risks and dare to do what others are unwilling to do
17JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
6 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You always strive for truth, goodness and beauty in life
• Your happiness comes from peaceful moments with
family and loved ones.
• You are willing to lend a helping hand to others and
dedicate yourself to a better society.
Favorite workplaces
• Bring warmth, intimacy and foster team spirit
• Cultivate compassion and kindness among people
• Create opportunities to contribute and spread love
to others
Suitable relationships
• Build on love and harmony
• Have mutual care, empathy and companionship
• Connect with responsible, sincere and faithful
individuals
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
18JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
BALANCE NUMBER 7
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Spend time observing and analyzing
issues cautiously
• Prefer to personally contemplate and
make decisions
• Be apprehensive about complications and
favor low-risk approaches to problem-
solving
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid focusing excessively on risks
before action
• Actively participate in interactive
activities and teamwork
• Set realistic expectations for yourself
instead of self-imposed pressure
Message for you:
To effectively solve problems and make decisions, open your heart and be tolerant
towards yourself and everything around you.
20JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 4
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Careful, dedicated and diligent
• Traditional, sincere and trustworthy
• Loyal, persistent and family-oriented
Natural abilities
• Ability to analyze information systematically
• Excellent process packaging capability to optimize performance
• Strong discipline, resilience and perseverance
The environment for your talent development
Specialized research Discipline and Mentor or expert
and clear process stability
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONALITY NUMBER 1
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a leader
• People may admire your confidence and assertiveness.
• You are independent and unafraid to express your opinions.
• You stand strong in the face of adversity and can become others’s pillar of support.
• You are naturally trustworthy in a leadership role.
• You excel in concealing and managing emotions. Even when you are feeling afraid,
you manage to remain calm.
I am the master of my destiny, the captain of my soul.
- William Ernest Henley -
22JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
5 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• Broaden your vision and courageously embrace challenges
• Be flexible and adaptable to fully enjoy life experiences
• Thoroughly research information to present your viewpoints persuasively
• Listen respectfully to opposing opinions for a flexible and open response
23JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
MATURITY NUMBER
9 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential human skills to empower others to awaken their inner light and
wisdom
• Actively engaging in humanitarian activities to plant positive seeds for the world
• Dedicate yourself to serving family, clan, community and society
• Enhance foreign language proficiency and seize opportunities for development
abroad
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a person
who spreads humanistic values to the world.”
24JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
ATTITUDE NUMBER 2
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You are very amiable and gentle with people.
• You see life through a romantic and affectionate lens.
• You perceive things in a multifaceted, objective and impartial manner.
• You tend to be sensitive, vulnerable, and easily influenced by people’s words. It is
very essential to nurture your self-worth and establish healthy boundaries.
• Due to preference for safety and fear of risks, you often hesitate and make
decisions slowly in challenging situations. Embracing openness, and balancing your
heart and mind will greatly benefit you.
25JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
26JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
1
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You highly value uniqueness, difference,
and logical thinking.
• You often have independent assessments
and detailed arguments about problems.
• You tend to choose pioneering and
unique options when facing choices.
B˜n c°n h˛c cách cân b˝ng và t˙p trung nˆng lˇ˘ng
Suggestions for you:
• Sometimes, you should consult and
ask for help from others instead of
solving the problem yourself.
• To make the most correct and
comprehensive decisions, you should
have step-by-step strategies and
follow emotions and intuition sparingly.
27JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
9
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Don't be too perfectionist with yourself which definitely puts pressure on yourself
• Always aim for humanistic values and cultivate a mind toward goodness
• Create relationships with other humane people to gain additional perspectives
on how to solve problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing moral and humane roots will be your guideline
whenever you encounter difficulties and challenges.
28JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
GENERATION NUMBER 9
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 9:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 9, your mission is to create a
better transformation for the world as well as shoulder the noble responsibilities
of society.
• You easily ignore your own interests, aiming to cultivate the benefits of the group.
• The first thing you need to do is connect with yourself, understand yourself, and
love yourself well to spread good values outside.
• You are suitable to work in an environment with religious, social, educational,
medical, psychological healing, and artistic elements...
Prominent advantages:
• Great altruistic and tolerant heart
• The positive side prospect in every situation
• Many noble, community-oriented ideals
• A certain amount of luck
• The ability to open minds and enlighten others
Challenges:
• Having difficulty accepting change or giving up something
• Tending to take over and obsess too much about helping others get better
• It's hard to eliminate the past, and it's easy to feel guilty about bad things happened
29JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 1
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You enjoy becoming a pioneer and feel excited to start new things.
• You want to get straight to the point, proactively solving things in your way.
• You would like to initiate large-scale projects and want to become a leader.
• You are willing to take responsibility and be flexible when handling situations.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to be more
creative and pay more attention to other people's perspectives.
30JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
31JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
7
Pinnacle 4
(age 53 - age 61)
Pinnacle 3
(age 44 - age 52)
6
2 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 34) (age 35 - age 43)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
32JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 34)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 2
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to build sincere relationships and learn how to
maintain a balance between work and physical - mental health.
Building quality relationships
• You should spend ample time understanding and bonding with your family.
• Open up and cultivate valuable friendships.
• You have many opportunities to expand your social network within your passionate field.
Enhancing intuition
• You will become more sensitive to the environment and the emotions of those
around you.
• You are encouraged to spend time researching metaphysics, psychology, or any
field related to helping others.
Balance between work and life
• You will have time to relax and relieve stress to enhance your mental health and be
ready to face new challenges.
• You can take advantage of modern technology to work efficiently and save time,
thus enjoying life more.
33JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-expression shortage: At this time, you want to show off your talent but don't
stand out enough to get noticed
• Limited communication skills: It is possible that during this period, you will encounter
difficulties in communicating and connecting through words with others.
• Difficulty in deep concentration: During this period, you will have many aspects that
require deep focus to achieve effectiveness, however, with high energy in
movement, you may easily find it difficult and want to give up halfway.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Adapt and learn from mistakes: It’s not easy to express yourself, but by accepting
your mistakes and learning from them, you will become more confident and mature.
• Learn to listen: The ability to listen helps you better understand other people's
opinions and feelings, thereby building trust and creating good relationships.
• Learn to express your thoughts explicitly and confidently: Knowing how to
communicate messages in a comprehensible and concise way helps you create
clarity and avoid unnecessary misinterpretation.
• Apply concentration techniques: Learning to use concentration techniques like
breaking your work into smaller chunks (working for short periods and taking breaks
in between) will help you maintain effective focus.
34JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 35 - age 43)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
35JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Restless and impatient feeling: The desire to seek innovation and constant
change leads to a lack of focus and long-term commitment.
• Difficulty finding clear direction or purpose because you want to cover so many
things, and your focus is scattered in too many directions
• Easy-to-relax vigilance leads to indulgence in the way of living or working
• Stabilization difficulty: You continuously seek constant change and new
experiences which can lead to instability and difficulty establishing a solid
foundation.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Find a balance between your desire for change and your need for stability: Change
can indeed bring many benefits, but it is essential to maintain a level of consistency
and commitment.
• Focus on setting clear goals: This is to determine direction and your purpose.
• Practice perseverance and patience when facing challenges: You need to
understand that long-term success often requires dedication and effort
• Invest time and effort in personal development: Welcome experiences with new
adventures and ensure that decisions are made with careful consideration.
36JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 44 - age 52)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 6
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue nurturing your family and contributing more to
the community and society.
Respect family and fully dedicate to career
• You will develop the ability to balance giving and taking, between family and
career, and between the needs of others and your own needs.
• This is the time for you to strengthen the solid foundation within your family.
Spread love and compassion
• Do not hesitate to express your feelings and spend time bonding with your loved
ones.
• You should also participate in sowing seeds of kindness, such as charity work for
underprivileged children or the homeless.
Enhance your sense of responsibility
• You dare to take on responsibilities, love, and care for your loved ones.
• You also need to pay attention to your own needs, feelings, and health. Only when
you have responsibilities for yourself can you become a strong support for others.
37JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
38JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 53 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 7
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to delve deeper into the laws of the
universe as well as connect with your inner self; continue to study and develop yourself.
Develop yourself continuously
• The energy of Pinnacle Number 7 is synonymous with the need for continuous
learning and research.
• Knowledge will help you become a visionary, trusted by others, and sought after for
advice.
Focus on researching and developing an aspect
• This time is ideal for you to choose focusing on a particular field; delve into research
and gather core values, seizing opportunities with pre-established visions and
strategies.
• Moreover, having a broad vision in a field can bring many opportunities for you to
create lasting values for society.
Connect with the inner self, explore aspects related to the inner world
• This pinnacle cycle will contribute to unlocking potential to help you connect
with the inner self.
• This is the time to explore the inner self and find answers to questions that have
puzzled you for a long time, perhaps even for decades.
39JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with balancing emotions
• Be sensitive and lack confidence because you care too much about what
other people think about you
• Take on too much responsibility and do not have time for yourself
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be brave in facing your feelings: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and
family, or join a support group to enhance your positive energy, helping you
overcome negative emotions.
• Learn to say “No" firmly if you don't want to do something: You should analyze
and consider the appropriateness of assigned tasks and responsibilities so that
you do not become overloaded.
40JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
9 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 9 is the year for you to slow down and
reflect on what you have accomplished, actively participate in volunteer activities, and
work towards goodness.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 9:
• Complete yourself: Personal Year Number 9 is an important
year for you to perfect yourself with the necessary skills in
both study and work.
• Build strong bonds: Take advantage of opportunities to
expand your network and build connections with people
whose experience and vision will help you advance your
career.
• Purify your soul and move towards goodness: Relax your
mind and share the emotions you are experiencing to make
your soul more peaceful. Besides, proactively participating in
volunteer activities is a way for you to find peace within
yourself.
Live with love and compassion in your
heart, and you will find
happiness and peace.
–Thích Nhất Hạnh-
41JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
42JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
43JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
44JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
45JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 6 is a
6
time that urges you to take strong responsibility for your loved ones while
focusing on creating a harmonious environment for your relationships.
Suggestions:
• Prioritize family and relationships: Strengthen relationships with family members
and loved ones, and prioritize caring for their health.
• Show love and care: Try to have acts of kindness and enthusiastic support for
everyone around you.
• Resolve conflicts with empathy: If conflict arises, approach the other person with
empathy and active listening, looking for solutions that promote moderation and
understanding.
46JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
47JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
50JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
5 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 5 is the day you can relax and spend time on mood-boosting
experiences.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Exchange and connect, build relationships
• Try changing something new in your living space or workplace
• Traveling, going out, exploring , and experiencing interesting things
• Focus on allocating your time reasonably and freely as well as keep track of your
plans set in advance.
51JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
52JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
53JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
54JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
55JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
56JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
57JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
58JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60JOHANSSON BENGT MICHAEL
22/07/1980
CONCLUSION
Dear Johansson Bengt Michael
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
61