UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER - 19/11/1983M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Martinson Robert Kristoffer
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19831119JN7X1W
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
6 6 4
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
2 2 1
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
11 0 1
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
3 3,7,8 19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
2 6 9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
1,2,3,4,5 7,8,9,1,2 3,4,7,5
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
6,7,8 3 1,2,1,1
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
6
LIFE PATH
2
SOUL URGE
4 2
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
LIFE PATH NUMBER
6
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5
7 8 9
Keywords
11 22 33
• Tolerant, altruistic • Gentle and sociable
• Loving and willing to • Loyal and devoted to
give loved ones
• Warm, gentle • Develop family roots
• Pay attention and take • Maturity in thoughts and
care of others actions
• Creativity, artistic • Responsibility, spirit of
tendency wholehearted service
Energy of Number 6
Carrying the energy of number 6, you are the embodiment
of protection, love, and support for others. Instinctively, you
always want to play the role of sharing and giving advice.
You are good fathers and mothers.
You focus on family harmony, truth, justice, and the desire
to nurture family values. You radiate warm energy.
The number “6” is a harmonious number, representing
friendship, love, harmony, health, beauty and wisdom.
12MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
Your strengths
• Rich in altruism and love for those around you
• Gentle and graceful behavior
• Be ready to give and serve wholeheartedly
• Sense of responsibility is extremely great
• Artistic creative talent
• Good aesthetic sense
Your weaknesses
• It's possible to take on too much responsibility and put undue pressure on
yourself
• Avoid letting your kindness be taken advantage of
• Don't beat yourself up too much if the results are not as expected
• Learn to love yourself
• Cultivate your intelligence to be able to contribute your best
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Being meticulous at work helps you gain
credibility
• High sense of responsibility, always
completing tasks to the end
• Attract talented people thanks to a sincere
loving heart
• Always proactively seek and offer solutions
Advice
• Work with the criteria of a cool head and a hot heart
• Confidently express your opinion
• Leadership model: loving and caring leader
13MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Act as a nurturer for relationships
• Be tolerant and know how to put yourself
in others' shoes
• Good at taking care of and caring for
others
• Be loyal and dedicated
• Treat people gently and warmly
Advice
Don't let others take advantage of you. You really do not have to help everyone; If they
don't want help, respect their decision. Learn to give and love wisely. Always believe
that "You must know how to love yourself before loving and taking care of others."
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 6
 Keep pursuing humanitarian values because you feel satisfied and happy when you
become useful to the community and serve others.
 Love and care for family and loved ones. This is the root of your efforts and your
motivation. Your success must come from having a happy and united family.
 Dare to accept responsibility and serve wholeheartedly. All your efforts and
dedication will certainly be recognized and appreciated, bringing you opportunities
for advancement and success in this life.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 6 is expressed in selfishness,
carelessness and irresponsibility. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on
developing your empathy and putting yourself in other people's shoes, daring to
accept responsibility and giving your all. If you do that, you will definitely achieve
fulfilling results.
14MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
Career orientation
Jobs suitable for people with a Life Path Index of 6 related to care include nurses,
doctors, preschool or elementary school teachers, housewives, guidance counselors or
family and marriage counselors. , community service, social welfare and arts advocate;
Jobs related to creativity such as interior design, singer, actor... Your biggest career goal
is to create a positive change in the lives of customers.
GRADUATION LESSON
Learn to use wisdom to tolerate,
protect and love unconditionally
15MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
4
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN EXPERT IN A CERTAIN FIELD
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Proficiency in expertise and constant knowledge pursuit
• Logical, specific and practical thinking
• Discipline and principle and well-thought-out skills
• Diligence, meticulousness in work and daily life
• High responsibility and a reliable support
Message for you
Destiny Number 4 indicates that you always crave to explore and delve deeply into the
marvelous knowledge of life. This drives you to continuously develop yourself, aiming to
create breakthroughs in your life. You will not stop until you become the best version of
yourself in the field you want to conquer. However, you should be open-minded and listen
to others’ opinions. This will help you broaden your perspective, acquire new knowledge,
and become more flexible.
16MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
2
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Be willing to help others while setting healthy boundaries
• Value your own time and learn to prioritize
• Learn to handle problems peacefully and avoid conflict
• Develop your communication, listening and networking skills
17MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
NUMBER within each individual. This number explains the reasons
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
2
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul craves love and to be loved
• You appreciate gentleness, romance and affection.
• You desire to be understood and connect with
others.
• You have the ability to listen and advise others
empathetically.
• You are drawn to the beauty and serenity of nature.
Favorite workplaces
• Minimize pressure and competition
• Foster teamwork and collaboration
• Create a sense of safety and comfort
Suitable relationship
• Have harmony and emotional support
• Build on mutual care, empathy and companionship
• Connect with responsible, sincere and faithful
individuals
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG 18MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
BALANCE NUMBER 6
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Handle situations gently and easily
forgive others
• Respect everyone's feelings and
opinions, especially your family
• Seek advice from trustworthy people
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid taking on too many tasks due to
your complaisance
• Stop being influenced excessively by
other people’s opinions
• Develop the ability to make your own
judgments and decisions
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require your rationality and calmness in
every situation instead of letting emotions dictate your actions.
20MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 1
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Independence, self-reliance and initiative
• Strong ambition and high standards in everything you do
• Intelligence, agility and good concentration
Natural abilities
• Set clear goals in life
• Own creativity and act decisively
• Have innate leadership skills and withstand pressure
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Goal-oriented and Leadership
career development competitive workplace opportunities
Chặng 1
21MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONALITY NUMBER 11
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a master trainer
• You possess sharp intuition and deep emotions that few have.
• You have an excellent ability to inspire and motivate others.
• You always strive to develop yourself, explore your inner self, and share values
with others.
• You are patient and an empathetic listener.
• Sometimes you are conflicted in your thoughts and actions, being decisive at
times and hesitant at others. You need to be calm and find a balance between
thoughts and actions.
The secret to moving forward is getting started.
- Mark Twain -
22MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
MATURITY NUMBER
1
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Stay committed to your goals to reach new heights
• Expand your innovative knowledge to demonstrate your capabilities
• Develop leadership skills based on both results and empathy
• Be more open to new opinions to broaden connections with others
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Walk your own path; there will be hardships and challenges, but
sweet rewards will come after persistent efforts.’’
23MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
ATTITUDE NUMBER 3
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have high self-confidence and self-esteem.
• From your perspective, life is incredibly interesting and colorful.
• You tend to find the good in every situation.
• You are trusting and open-hearted towards everyone, including strangers.
• Sometimes you may casually make assertions or promises without thoroughly
considering their future implications. You should choose your words carefully and
assess feasibility before speaking.
24MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 3
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Optimistic and positive outlook on life
• Enthusiastic, humorous and high-energy
• Flexible, skillful and engaging communication
• Intelligent and imaginative
• Inspiring others through words
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Learn to manage and regulate your emotions
• Nurture right beliefs and optimism in life
• Surround yourself with positive people
• Create various fun activities that bring joy to yourself and others
• Improve communication skills such as active listening, flexible body language, and
expressing clear opinions
25MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 7
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Logical thinking and comprehensive analytical skills
• Excellent concentration, memory and research ability
• Contemplation and self-cultivation
• Right belief and faith
• Broad vision and strategic thinking
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-learning and knowledge research skills
• Learn to observe and analyze the essence of phenomena in life
• Practice universal laws (Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Attraction, gratitude, etc.)
• Cultivate your empathy and self-reflection abilities
• Develop strategic thinking and goal-setting abilities
26MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
27MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
28MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
2
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are often quite skeptical and
indecisive.
• Apart from reason, your way of thinking
involves emotions and intuition.
• You tend to choose safe options that
Bạn thích tự giải quyết vấn (cid:26)ề, không thích nhờ vả người khác
do not affect those around you.
Suggestions for you:
• Thinking multi-dimensionally to cover
the problem is a very good thing, but
you need to learn to be more decisive
to avoid missing opportunities that
are right for you.
• Learn to think more objectively, and
avoid letting your emotions control
you too much, so you can stay calm
and come up with the right solution.
29MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
30MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
GENERATION NUMBER 3
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 3:
• When you own The Energy of Generation Number 3, you value personal joy and
always live true to your feelings.
• Value friendships and relationships that bring amusement
• Happy energy, a sense of humor, sharing ability
• What you need to do is learn how to keep your emotions in a positive state and
maintain a high level of energy to motivate constant action.
• You are suitable for jobs related to speaking, sharing, and inspiration.
Prominent advantages:
• Creativity and bountiful imagination
• Optimistic spirit, positive belief in all situations
• Communication ability with many different audiences
• Great language command to express thoughts well
Challenges:
• Excessive optimism leads to a shortage of possible risk anticipation
• Almost all reactions and action tendencies are dominated and governed by
emotional energy
• The generation is easily distracted, having difficulty in keeping commitments
31MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 9
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You feel happy when you help someone in difficult situations and desire to do noble
volunteer work.
• You have a high aesthetic taste like delicate and artistic things.
• You are willing to give, contribute, and bring positive changes to society.
• You aim for macro-level things, always fighting for a better world.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to choose a few key
goals to focus on completing and working toward the best results.
32MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
5
Pinnacle 4
(age 49 - age 57)
Pinnacle 3
(age 40 - age 48)
7
3 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 30) (age 31 - age 39)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
33MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 30)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 3
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to develop rich creativity and adept communication
skills, which are crucial for your future success.
Nurture creativity
• Life will give you experiences to nurture your creative abilities through activities like
painting, writing, music, etc.
• Take time to explore various artistic fields and discover yourself in every aspect.
• By showcasing your creative talents, you can build a personal brand and draw
attention from others.
Enhance language and communication skills
• You should refine your listening and sharing skills, which will help you confidently
express your opinions and better understand others.
• Utilize this time to hone, expand your vocabulary, and practice communication
daily.
34MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Rely on others: Easily dependent on others and not proactive in making decisions.
• Don't have your own identity: Unable to assert yourself and lose confidence.
• Lack leadership ability: Have difficulty leading yourself and others.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Identify and develop strengths: Your strengths can be opportunities for you to
develop and achieve great achievements in work and life.
• Maintain positive thinking: Focus on your strengths and achievements, instead of
focusing on your weaknesses or failures.
• Make your own decisions and take responsibility: Don't doubt your own abilities,
believe that you have the ability to solve any problem independently.
• Learn and build personal skills: Learn and develop the skills needed to take care
of yourself.
35MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 31 - age 39)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
36MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Imbalanced relationships and balance your needs with the needs of your family,
friends, or others.
• Fear of rejection and vulnerability which can prevent you from improving yourself
and forming deeper connections.
• There were a lot of conflicts and loss of communication between relationships.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Develop communication skills and empathy to better understand other people's
perspectives and feelings.
• Develop a conflict resolution strategy: Learn constructive conflict resolution
strategies, such as active listening and assertive feelings expression to resolve
relationship problems.
• Seek support from people you trust to overcome challenges and enhance your
perspective with diverse perspectives.
37MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 40 - age 48)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 7
This is the pinnacle cycle where you need to spend more time contemplating the truths
about yourself, life, and enriching your knowledge.
Develop inner self
• You will gain a deep understanding of yourself and the profound meaning of life.
• You should explore intuition and start practicing a discipline that delves into your
inner self and seeks some "Faith" such as Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Karma,
etc.
Enhance soft skills
• The more you engage in learning and self-development, the more opportunities
you will have for advancement in your career.
• Identify your competitive advantages and focus on developing them into
"weapons" to position yourself in life.
Cultivate wisdom
• You need to focus more on specialized study as well as learning to enhance your
intelligence and awareness.
• Trust yourself and strive to develop aspects or skills within your field of expertise
that have not yet been explored.
38MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
39MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 49 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 5
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities for change, to experience new things,
and to lift your spirits in a positive way.
Opportunities for change and experiencing new things
• Many opportunities related to experiencing, changing, and exploring things that you
haven't dared to try before.
• Not only focusing on physical health issues, but you should also pay attention to
mental and intellectual development.
Creative potential development
• In this pinnacle cycle, you have the opportunity to unleash creativity, innovate to
change your perception and conquer new goals.
• Challenges will come to you in this pinnacle cycle, and your task is to use the
courage you have developed over the years to stick to your goals.
Success always comes with challenges
• This is the appropriate time for you to challenge yourself and introspect, graduating
from the lessons on balancing emotions with reason to avoid illusions.
• In this pinnacle cycle, you should be cautious to avoid troubles, especially legal
issues and accusations.
40MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Tend to command and control everything, lack listening ability to others,
and usually get impatient
• Have difficulty accessing new values and beliefs
• Lack independence and reliance on surroundings
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to listen and acknowledge others: Have respect for other people's
perspectives by practicing listening and understanding.
• Learn to be independent, self-reliant, and confident: Learn how to manage
finances and time well, and be independent both emotionally and physically.
Besides, you should care less about other people's opinions and stay away from
chaos.
• Limit contact with people who can negatively affect you: Stay away from people
who constantly disparage and criticize you.
41MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
1
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 1 is a sign of renewal that represents
the beginning, the right time for you to set new goals and strive to pursue them.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 1:
• Welcome to a new beginning: Start building and doing
something new to increase your opportunities and
memorable experiences.
• Decisive in action: At this time, you will receive many new
opportunities, so be decisive and proactive in seizing them
to further breakthroughs.
• Realize dreams: Number 1 is the number of implementations,
so this is the time to willingly start your plans that have been
procrastinated.
The only thing worse than
starting something and
failing is not starting
anything at all.
-Seth Godin -
42MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
43MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
44MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
45MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
46MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 7 is a
7 suitable time for you to take time for yourself to contemplate your life
purpose and living ideals. This is also the time to rediscover the inner
connection and strive to develop to become a better version.
Suggestions:
• Pay attention to your health: Pay attention to maintaining both physical and mental
health during this time. Yoga or meditation are highly recommended options.
• Connect with your inner voice: Calm down, let yourself relax, and do things that put
your mind at ease.
• Cultivate knowledge: Take advantage of collecting and researching several new
pieces of information and knowledge this month.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
47MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
48MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
50MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
51MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
6 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 6 is a day to open your heart to love, and spend time caring for
your loved ones.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Take time to confide and share your feelings with others
• Love yourself so you can love others, prioritize taking care of yourself both
mentally and physically
• Spend time with your family, eat and talk with them
• Love, take, and give unconditionally
• Avoid conflict or contradictions
52MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
53MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
54MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
55MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
56MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
57MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
58MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
59MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61MARTINSON ROBERT KRISTOFFER
19/11/1983
CONCLUSION
Dear Martinson Robert Kristoffer
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
62