UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
KO LAY YIN SU - 03/01/1979M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Ko Lay Yin Su
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19790103IF4T4T
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
3 4 8
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
5 1 3
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
7 6 11
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
4 4,8 19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
1 7 1,3,7
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
2,3,4,5,6 8,9,1,2,3 4,2,6,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
7,8,9 8 2,5,3,7
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
3
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
8 5
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
LIFE PATH NUMBER
3
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
4 5 6
Keywords
7 8 9
• Enthusiasm and • Creativity
11 22 33
high energy
• Inspiration
• Intelligent, witty
• Artistic inclination
• Grasp psychology
• Good communication
• Good communicated
• Enjoy activities
ability
collective
• Influence by spoken
language
Energy of Number 3
With energy number 3, you have communication skills and
artistic creativity. You are energetic and always want to
spread positive values.
A sense of humor is what helps you attract attention.
Therefore, having fun and getting the attention of those
around you makes you feel happy.
12KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
Your strengths
• Intelligent, curious and grasp issues
• Flexible, likes to learn and explore life
• Bright, positive energy and attraction
• Funny and always brings laughter
• Good communication skills
Your weaknesses
• Indulge in pleasures, easily caught up in the immediate joys
• Manage emotions and words, avoid being judged as overly talkative
• Be mindful with how you present yourself so as not to be misunderstood as arrogant
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Many creative ideas contributing to the
work
• Easily convey information and achieve
communication goals
• Agile, smart, grasps job requirements quickly
Advice
• Be disciplined and have clear plans and goals before
taking action
• Be careful not to let yourself lose focus or concentration
• Express yourself but still maintain the necessary humility
• Leadership model: inspirer who win people's hearts with
words
13KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Easily makes friends thanks to your
expressive ability and sociable
personality
• Other people enjoy listening to you
because of your positive energy
• Optimism and brightness help you
maintain good relationships
Advice
Other people greatly appreciate your energy. However, saying or promising is not
enough; you should always pay attention to take action and fulfill your promises. That is
how you maintain other’s trust in relationships. Besides, learn to be tolerant, empathetic
and patient with the imperfections of those around you.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 3
 Always hone your communication skills and be ready to use your voice to spread
positive values for life.
 Self-development is very important. A masterful mind will give you great confidence
on your inspirational journey.
 A typical number 3 person is always extremely sociable, is a highly sociable person
with an open and engaging communication style. They are able to share their natural
talents with the world.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 3 is expressed in pessimism, social
anxiety and difficulty in self-expression. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on
developing your communication skills and self-confidence. If you want to be successful,
you really need to become an inspirer who spreads communication benefits and builds
your own brand value.
14KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
Career orientation
A job suitable for person number 3 is one in which you have the opportunity to share,
inspire, and spread positive energy to everyone around you.
Your ideal professions are artist, dancer, actor, musician, performer and
beautician. You can also succeed in roles related to sharing such as teacher, speaker,
trainer, sales consultant; or related to creativity such as actor, singer, host, etc.
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a person of inspiration and
positive energy for the world
15KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
8
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A BUSINESS EXECUTIVE
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Seize unique business opportunities
• Make creative ideas a reality
• Inspire and empower other people
• Be honest and transparent about money
• Balance spiritual and material values
Message for you
With your innate business acumen, you can grasp potential opportunities and recognize
hidden challenges. Accordingly, you can create new and disruptive business models.
However, you must be careful with your pursuit of material wealth and do not become a
stubborn person. By honing your listening skills and building strong relationships, you can
blossom into a remarkable leader.
16KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
LIFE PATH - DESTINY CONNECTION NUMBER
5
The Life Path - Destiny Connection Number describes your
necessary behavior for completing your life lessons and
fulfilling your destiny.
The essential actions you need to do:
• Embrace new challenges to expand your experience
• Cultivate a resilient spirit in the face of change
• Improve your flexibility and adaptability in ever-changing circumstances
• Think outside the box and boldly try new things
• Take risks and dare to do what others are unwilling to do
17KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
18KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
19KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
BALANCE NUMBER 4
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Thoroughly analyze all aspects to
identify the core of the problem
• Always base decisions on reason,
objectivity and clarity
• Have unwavering perseverance and
relentlessly pursue your goals
Things to keep in mind:
• Balance logic with emotional and
intuitive factors for flexibility
• Avoid excessive stubbornness, be
open to seize good opportunities
• Use time effectively when researching
and delving into problems
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require tailoring outcome standards
to the specific situation. You should step outside your comfort zone to gain valuable
experience as well.
20KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 3
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Friendly, talkative and sociable
• Intelligent, energetic and humorous
• Tactful, enthusiastic and optimistic
Natural abilities
• Excellent persuasion and oratory skills
• Rich imagination and outstanding artistic ability
• Ability to inspire, influence and attract others
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Communication Art,
self-expression creativity performance
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
21KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONALITY NUMBER 7
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an intelligent and wise person.
• You have a graceful and elegant demeanor.
• People admire your educational background and extensive knowledge.
• You have an incredible ability to focus and concentrate.
• People may find you mysterious and unapproachable at first glance. However,
after some interaction, they will discover that you are kind-hearted and
empathetic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
-Aristotle -
22KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
6 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To avoid appearing naive, refrain from sharing too much about your personal
plans with others
• Learn to listen and absorb information selectively
• Focus on your loved ones and build sustainable relationships
23KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
MATURITY NUMBER
11 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Seek out good companions in both friendship and other social relationships
• Cultivate keen observation and analytical skills when solving problems
• Continuously enhance your professional expertise to contribute value and
inspire the community
• Foster leadership with firmness and empathy, and networking skills
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a powerful
inspiration to other people.”
24KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
ATTITUDE NUMBER 4
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You value honesty and sincerity in every individual.
• You approach every issue based on logical reasoning and practical grounds.
• You often spend time observing the world from various perspectives, allowing you
to provide accurate assessments of any situation.
• You tend to be risk-averse, and prioritize safety and security.
• You can find joy in simple things in everyday life.
25KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 4
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Discipline and relentless pursuit of goals
• Diligence and meticulousness
• Stable, steadfast and reliable
• Ability to create clear and achievable plan
• A continuous learning and growth mindset
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Establish clear plans with specific task lists
• Train yourself in a disciplined environment
• Do everything with commitment and thoroughness
• Enhance professional knowledge and skills
• Improve decision-making abilities and stick to your goals
26KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 8
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence, responsibility and determination
• Integrity, honesty and clarity
• Ability to seize business opportunities
• Balance between material and spiritual life
• Visionary leadership and management ability
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-management skills
• Develop your vision to make important decisions or those related to finances
• Learn financial management as well as invest and do business wisely
• Seek out successful individuals as role models
• Balance between material goals and your health
• Develop broad visionary perspective to flexibly seize future opportunities
• Having made a decision, stick with it and always maintain honest in your
communication
27KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
28KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
1
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You highly value uniqueness, difference,
and logical thinking.
• You often have independent assessments
and detailed arguments about problems.
• You tend to choose pioneering and
unique options when facing choices.
B˜n c°n h˛c cách cân b˝ng và t˙p trung nˆng lˇ˘ng
Suggestions for you:
• Sometimes, you should consult and
ask for help from others instead of
solving the problem yourself.
• To make the most correct and
comprehensive decisions, you should
have step-by-step strategies and
follow emotions and intuition sparingly.
29KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
7
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Plan long-term strategies, determine goals and life orientation
• Combine intuition into actions to get the most explicit steps
• Contemplate and connect with your inner self to understand what you want and need
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Through deep contemplation, you can make the right decisions
and take advantage of opportunities to move forward.
30KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
GENERATION NUMBER 8
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 8:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 8, you are one of the lucky people,
supported with a lot of potential for development.
• You are easily drawn and influenced by materialistic, powerful or luxurious elements.
• What you need to do is overcome your self-limitations, seize opportunities and work
hard.
• You are suitable for jobs related to business, finance, administration, management...
Prominent advantages:
• High fighting spirit, ready to face difficulties
• Consistency and perseverance in action
• Ability to manage finances and make good money
• Management, administration capacity and special strategy
• Aesthetic taste and high standards
Challenges:
• Overcome power temptation and material things
• Control your emotions, sometimes indifferent, sometimes overly expressive
31KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 1
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You enjoy becoming a pioneer and feel excited to start new things.
• You want to get straight to the point, proactively solving things in your way.
• You would like to initiate large-scale projects and want to become a leader.
• You are willing to take responsibility and be flexible when handling situations.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to be more
creative and pay more attention to other people's perspectives.
32KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 3
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are articulate, full of energy, and have a strong desire to share this positivity
with everyone.
• You want to express yourself through constant sharing, communication, and action.
• You have a passion for beauty and aesthetics, take pleasure in dressing elegantly,
and often receive compliments from others.
• You love creative, artistic things.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
In order to fully harness your passion, it is essential to maintain
positive energy and further improve your ability to speak and
use words effectively.
33KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 7
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer being alone, doing everything independently and autonomously.
• You are passionate about learning, observing, and analyzing issues in detail,
especially those that interest you.
• You feel relaxed and comfortable when immersed in nature.
• You enjoy spiritual research and have the ability to connect with your inner self.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to find a
development environment that suits you and proactively socialize
more outside.
34KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
9
Pinnacle 4
(age 52 - age 60)
Pinnacle 3
(age 43 - age 51)
6
4 2
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 33) (age 34 - age 42)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
35KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 33)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 4
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to cultivate perseverance and discipline on
the journey towards your goals. You also need to acquire knowledge and define your core
values.
Develop discipline
• You often face many significant decisions affecting the future, from choosing your
educational and career path to building relationships and starting a family.
• You need patience, perseverance, and not to falter in the face of difficulties and
challenges. Through determination, you will gradually discover your potential and
grow from failures.
Build foundations
• The first 30 years are a period for you to define your direction and lay the
groundwork for your life.
• This is a time when life gives you opportunities to acquire knowledge, shape your
personality, and seek passion in life.
36KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Sensitivity: During this period, you face rapid changes in emotions, so you may be
skeptical of yourself, and overly worried about the future.
• Balance loss: Life requires you to regulate many aspects at the same time, but you
may not be able to adapt quickly to change, so you gradually lose balance.
• Emotional chaos: You often face a chain of emotional challenges, going along with
your growth and maturity.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Well-managed emotions: Facing emotional challenges, you must learn how to
adapt and manage your emotions to maintain psychological stability and build
good relationships with others.
• Time management: By focusing on what's truly important and meaningful, you can
ensure that your time and energy are invested in worthwhile things
37KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 34 - age 42)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 2
This is a golden moment for you to refine and build quality relationships, utilizing your
listening skills and keen intuition to connect and collaborate effectively with others.
Build healthy and quality relationships
• You have some experience and maturity to build and develop sustainable
relationships.
• Connecting with like-minded individuals is the key to your personal development
and seeking new job opportunities.
Connect and cooperate effectively
• You will have opportunities to collaborate on large projects. Sensitivity, listening
skills, and a focus on mutual benefits create a comfortable, trusting environment,
contributing to increasing work efficiency.
• Creating new values for self and society
Activate intuitive and perceptive abilities
• Your sharp intuition in this stage helps you predict and analyze situations effectively.
• By recognizing signs and trends, you can make reliable predictions and steer
yourself towards the right direction.
• At this stage, you have the opportunity to listen to yourself, understand your desires,
needs, and values more clearly.
38KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
Challenge Number 5
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Restless and impatient feeling: The desire to seek innovation and constant
change leads to a lack of focus and long-term commitment.
• Difficulty finding clear direction or purpose because you want to cover so many
things, and your focus is scattered in too many directions
• Easy-to-relax vigilance leads to indulgence in the way of living or working
• Stabilization difficulty: You continuously seek constant change and new
experiences which can lead to instability and difficulty establishing a solid
foundation.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Find a balance between your desire for change and your need for stability: Change
can indeed bring many benefits, but it is essential to maintain a level of consistency
and commitment.
• Focus on setting clear goals: This is to determine direction and your purpose.
• Practice perseverance and patience when facing challenges: You need to
understand that long-term success often requires dedication and effort
• Invest time and effort in personal development: Welcome experiences with new
adventures and ensure that decisions are made with careful consideration.
39KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 43 - age 51)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 6
This is the pinnacle cycle where you continue nurturing your family and contributing more to
the community and society.
Respect family and fully dedicate to career
• You will develop the ability to balance giving and taking, between family and
career, and between the needs of others and your own needs.
• This is the time for you to strengthen the solid foundation within your family.
Spread love and compassion
• Do not hesitate to express your feelings and spend time bonding with your loved
ones.
• You should also participate in sowing seeds of kindness, such as charity work for
underprivileged children or the homeless.
Enhance your sense of responsibility
• You dare to take on responsibilities, love, and care for your loved ones.
• You also need to pay attention to your own needs, feelings, and health. Only when
you have responsibilities for yourself can you become a strong support for others.
40KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Express yourself excessively, exaggerating things, or criticizing others
• Have difficulty allocating energy for both work and life
• Struggle with completing work, only excited at first
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Change the way you communicate: Learn how to use appropriate language for
each subject and situation as well as proactively motivate and encourage others.
• Allocate energy reasonably: Stay focused and don't scatter yourself in too many
directions at once to achieve your goals.
• Stay determined to reach your achievements: Accomplishing what you have
chosen begins by building a clear and specific plan.
41KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 52 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 9
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to carry out community-oriented
projects, spreading inspiration widely. The important thing to do is to maintain an open
mind, seek new opportunities for connection, and continue to develop.
Spread human values and inspiration
• You have many opportunities to become a leader, spreading these values
to the lives of those around you
• You can establish volunteer communities, charitable funds to realize your
ideals of helping others.
Outreach international opportunities
• With the experience, knowledge, and personal network accumulated over time, you
can leverage them to promote international development.
• Learn a new language to further strengthen your development.
Serve community
• Service is a noble expression of maturity and life experience.
• Not only do you contribute to society, but you also nurture your family by
caring for and supporting future generations; Spend time and effort to share
knowledge to help them grow and succeed in life.
42KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
Challenge Number 7
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty communicating with others, and rarely participate in
community activities.
• Be sensitive, vulnerable, and less trusting of others
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Practice mindset and create positive beliefs: Finding and cultivating
knowledge through new courses, lectures or books will help you expand your
knowledge and thinking.
• Be aware of your role and mission: Share your values, beliefs, and experiences
with the world.
• Learn more subjects to connect with your inner self: You can refer to some
methods such as meditation, yoga, reading books, and immersing yourself in
nature to focus your mind, reduce stress, and connect with your ego. You
should also practice compassion by taking time each day to think about the
good things in your life, think about the people you love, and think about
those you can help.
43KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
2 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 2 will have fewer exciting activities
than year number 1. This is the ideal time to focus on building relationships, resting, and
planning for yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 2:
• Be patient: Live every moment to the fullest and participate
in gentle subjects like yoga. It not only encourages you to
regenerate the strength to break through but also helps you
reflect on yourself.
• Love more: Love and care for yourself while also being
willing to share and help those around you.
• Build rapports: Love, relationships, emotions, and other
matters related to feelings will be the most prominent
aspects of the Personal Year Number 2.
The ultimate purpose of joy
is to have someone to share
it with.
-Mark Twain -
44KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
45KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
46KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
47KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
48KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 8 is the
8
time you should spend on your career and realizing your goals. Besides,
you also have to pay attention to financial issues.
Suggestions:
• High spiritual energy: During this time, don't hesitate and immediately accomplish
the projects you are working on. Just a small effort can bring very clear results.
• Luck and effort: This is an extremely lucky and favorable time to realize the things
you want but have not been able to do yet.
• Prudent expenditure: Personal Month Number 8 is suitable for budget planning and
rearranging finances. You should focus on working hard and limit spending too
liberally.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
50KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
51KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
52KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
53KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
7 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 7 is an ideal day to spend time for yourself and develop your
internal aspects as well as knowledge.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Do research, analyze and study
• Take quiet time to connect with yourself
• Unwind through yoga and meditation
• Immerse yourself in nature to lift your spirit
• Avoid anger and stay calm under any circumstances
54KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
55KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
56KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
57KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
58KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
59KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
60KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
63KO LAY YIN SU
03/01/1979
CONCLUSION
Dear Ko Lay Yin Su
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
64