UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE THỊ DIEM - 13/10/1988M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Le Thị Diem
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19881013AB6B6Y
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
4 9 4
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
0 1 4
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
3 2 8
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
5 1,6,7 13/4,19/1
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
8 6 4,5,9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
3,4,5,6,7 9,1,2,3,4 5,3,8,9
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
8,9,1 8 3,4,1,7
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
4
LIFE PATH
1
SOUL URGE
4 0
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
LIFE PATH NUMBER
4
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
1 2 3
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
5 6
•KeCaynwẩ,n ot ỉtr hmdậỉs và chi tiết • Truyền thống, đơn giản
7 8 9
• Careful, meticulous and • Easy and traditional
11 22 33 detailed
• Hardworking and
diligent
• Thorough and secure
• Faithful, loyal
• Disciplined and tidy
• Study well and be
bright
• Have a process and a plan
• Save money, have
• Responsible and
great money
trustworthy management
Energy of Number 4
With energy number 4, you are extremely trustworthy. You
are committed, steadfast, and have a burning belief in
what you believe in. You are careful, certain, always
researching deeply and planning in detail before acting.
Everyone around you must acknowledge your excellent
organizational skills and high responsibility every time the
number 4 is mentioned.
12LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
Your strengths
• Be sure and careful in every action
• Always maintain a gentle and humble attitude
• Save money and always have a reasonable spending plan
• Live simple lifestyle, without excessive ostentation
• Highly disciplined, neat and tidy
• Love your family, friends and those around you
Your weaknesses
• Lack flexibility and adaptation to new things
• Be overly cautious and thus miss out on good opportunities
• Be rigid and focused only on your own opinions
• Pay attention so that saving does not become stingy
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Good at professional expertise
• Plan smart, execute realistically, and
correct mistakes effectively
• Commit to your goals and work to make
them a reality
• Ability to package processes during work
• Always comply with regulations and rules
Advice
• Avoid workaholism which leads to overload
• Give yourself time to rest and regain energy
• Pay attention to details but also focus on the overall
picture
• Dare to step out of your comfort zone to accept new
opportunities
13LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Be affectionate and sincere with
your partner
• Be absolutely faithful and loyal
• Be solid support for others
• Commit and keep your promises
Advice
Don't be too harsh and judge others based on their lack of processes and plans. Each
person has their own strengths, so you are the missing piece to help them perfect
themselves. Calmness and positive sharing will help keep your relationships good.
Besides, you should also practice to listen and understand, don't be conservative and
always think you are right.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 4
 Focus on studying and practicing to become an excellent expert in whatever field
you choose.
 You have great traits of an excellent executive such as discipline, planning ability,
process creation and firming in your decisions. Give yourself the opportunity to step
out of your comfort zone to reach higher levels in life.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 4 is expressed in playfulness,
carelessness, lack of discipline. If you find yourself in this situation, focus on developing
your expertise, practicing discipline, and starting the habit of making specific plans
before taking action. Only then can you unleash your full potential to walk on the path
of success and happiness.
14LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
Career orientation
You are suitable to work in a specialized and in-depth research environment to promote
your strengths in logic, detail and meticulousness, or environments with a framework,
specific procedures, and high discipline. Occupations for number 4 include: police, army
- law enforcement force, CEOs and managers, accountants - auditors, editors, analysts,
financial and banking specialists, architects, real estate experts, lawyers, business
administrators, programmers,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Becoming an expert in one field and
leaving a legacy for life
15LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
4
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become AN EXPERT IN A CERTAIN FIELD
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Proficiency in expertise and constant knowledge pursuit
• Logical, specific and practical thinking
• Discipline and principle and well-thought-out skills
• Diligence, meticulousness in work and daily life
• High responsibility and a reliable support
Message for you
Destiny Number 4 indicates that you always crave to explore and delve deeply into the
marvelous knowledge of life. This drives you to continuously develop yourself, aiming to
create breakthroughs in your life. You will not stop until you become the best version of
yourself in the field you want to conquer. However, you should be open-minded and listen
to others’ opinions. This will help you broaden your perspective, acquire new knowledge,
and become more flexible.
16LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
1
environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul yearns for success and leadership
• You are self-reliant and make your own decisions
in life.
• You aspire to achieve excellence and social
recognition.
• You embrace competition and persistently pursue
your goals.
• You want to become a trailblazer in your passion
area.
Favorite workplaces
• Be fast-paced and highly competitive
• Promote unlimited creativity and innovation
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear
paths for advancement
Suitable relationships
• Value independence and individuality
• Connect with individuals who resonate with your
energy frequency, passions and ambitions
• Be a leader who proactively create new activities
for your relationships
B˜N °˛ THÀNH CÔNG
17LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
18LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
BALANCE NUMBER 9
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Embrace responsibility, always consider
teammates and have a leadership spirit
• Maintain optimism and enthusiasm in the
face of challenges
• Act on noble human values and strive for
community development
Things to keep in mind:
• Avoid letting the pressure of
perfectionism hinder your actions
• Recognize reality instead of idealizing
everything
• Practice emotional management to
prevent impulsive actions
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require your emotional management,
a willingness to give, and a commitment to serving the greater good.
19LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 4
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Careful, dedicated and diligent
• Traditional, sincere and trustworthy
• Loyal, persistent and family-oriented
Natural abilities
• Ability to analyze information systematically
• Excellent process packaging capability to optimize performance
• Strong discipline, resilience and perseverance
The environment for your talent development
Specialized research Discipline and Mentor or expert
and clear process stability
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
20LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONALITY NUMBER 3
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of an inspirer
• People are often impressed by your humor, charm and fun-loving nature.
• You always maintain a positive outlook on life.
• You are a natural entertainer who knows how to liven up the atmosphere.
• You are open-minded, friendly and willing to share everything from the first
meeting.
• You take care of your appearance and desire to showcase your talents.
Every day without smiling is a wasted day.
-E.E. Cummings -
21LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
2 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• To maintain good relationships, you should learn to listen patiently and be
attentive to others’ needs.
• You should cultivate patience and gentle behavior in your work.
• Sometimes, take a step back and do not make everything tense.
22LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
MATURITY NUMBER
8
The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate essential business skills such as communication, negotiation and
decision-making
• Equip yourself with solid financial and business knowledge to mitigate potential
risks when investing or running a business
• Build high-quality and potential relationships
• Empower others to transform themselves and build better lives
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to become a business
executive or investor.”
23LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
ATTITUDE NUMBER 5
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You have an optimistic and fearless spirit, always seeking out interesting things to
explore in life.
• Each day, you find newness in your work.
• You are enthusiastic about changes and strive for continuous personal
development.
• You enjoy doing things in different ways.
• You often create your own joy and make life colorful
• You often have novel ideas and perspectives.
24LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 1
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Independence and responsibility for your own life
• Courage and willingness to seize new opportunities
• Rationality, determination and high stress resistance
• Decisiveness and clear goals
• Self-leadership and leadership of others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Develop self-confidence, independence, self-awareness and decision-making abilities
• Find a reliable mentor to improve leadership skills and self-leadership.
• Step outside your comfort zone, take control of your life, and instill self-discipline.
• Cultivate positive energy and manage your emotions, actions.
• Embrace your personality and dare to follow your own choices, even without
unanimous support.
25LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 6
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Strong bond with family
• Warm, gentle and affectionate
• Compassionate, altruistic and benevolent heart
• Ability to nurture and assist others
• High responsibility and willingness to sacrifice for others
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance your empathy and connection with others
• Spend time with family and express love to loved ones
• Balance and fulfill responsibilities in both family and career
• Care for and support others from the smallest actions
• Expand your heart and give more with a loving heart
26LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
KARMIC LESSON NUMBER 7
The Karmic Lesson Number reveals the attributes and competencies that we were not
naturally gifted with when we came to this world. This enables you to develop those
qualities, contributing to improving your quality of life and your career.
Competencies you need to cultivate:
• Logical thinking and comprehensive analytical skills
• Excellent concentration, memory and research ability
• Contemplation and self-cultivation
• Right belief and faith
• Broad vision and strategic thinking
Suggestions for developing these competencies:
• Enhance self-learning and knowledge research skills
• Learn to observe and analyze the essence of phenomena in life
• Practice universal laws (Law of Cause and Effect, Law of Attraction, gratitude, etc.)
• Cultivate your empathy and self-reflection abilities
• Develop strategic thinking and goal-setting abilities
27LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 19/1
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Have an excessive self-reliance
• Isolate yourself from the collective and avoid cooperation for common goals
• Deny your need for support
• Dismiss others' opinions due to excessive egotism
Lessons for you:
• Respect the needs, feelings and opinions of others
• Embrace assistance from others rather than struggling alone
• Acknowledge your mistakes and understand those of other people
• Actively engage in new relationships to grow in thought and action
28LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
8
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You are strong, powerful, and decisive
in your thinking and actions.
• You tend to be far-sighted, always
observing the whole picture, and
details are not your priority.
Suggestions for you:
• Learn to calm down, argue less, learn
to give and control your ego.
• Reduce focus on material aspects of
money, which makes your spirit more
comfortable and positively supports
your way of thinking.
29LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
6
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Maintain peace of mind
• Find people or places that make you feel safe and comfortable
• Words of support and encouragement from your family can be the greatest healer
of your soul
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Strongly developing family roots will empower you to overcome
your obstacles and move forward.
30LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
GENERATION NUMBER 8
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 8:
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 8, you are one of the lucky people,
supported with a lot of potential for development.
• You are easily drawn and influenced by materialistic, powerful or luxurious elements.
• What you need to do is overcome your self-limitations, seize opportunities and work
hard.
• You are suitable for jobs related to business, finance, administration, management...
Prominent advantages:
• High fighting spirit, ready to face difficulties
• Consistency and perseverance in action
• Ability to manage finances and make good money
• Management, administration capacity and special strategy
• Aesthetic taste and high standards
Challenges:
• Overcome power temptation and material things
• Control your emotions, sometimes indifferent, sometimes overly expressive
31LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 4
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer safety, stability, and certainty in all things even if they are big or small.
• You are proactive in every situation, feel secure when everything is scheduled, and
follow the plan in a stable manner.
• You are highly disciplined and want to work in an environment with processes and
frameworks.
• You like practical, detailed things and keep persistent with your goals.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to proactively seek
opportunities for personal development, and dare to step out of your
comfort zone to experience many new things in life.
32LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 5
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like to interact and connect with people, especially at parties.
• You are passionate about freedom, and always ready to explore everything to expand
your horizons.
• You enjoy experiencing new and creative things.
• You are ready to undertake challenges, like adventurous things, and easily adapt to
many different environments.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to practice
discipline, focus, and commitment to completing your goals.
33LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 9
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You feel happy when you help someone in difficult situations and desire to do noble
volunteer work.
• You have a high aesthetic taste like delicate and artistic things.
• You are willing to give, contribute, and bring positive changes to society.
• You aim for macro-level things, always fighting for a better world.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to choose a few key
goals to focus on completing and working toward the best results.
34LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
9
Pinnacle 4
(age 51 - age 59)
Pinnacle 3
(age 42 - age 50)
8
5 3
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 32) (age 33 - age 41)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
35LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 32)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 5
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to immerse yourself in new and exciting life
experiences, thereby developing knowledge and enhancing your ability to adapt to
change.
Experience and learn
• Life will offer you many new experiences to broaden your life experience and
explore the world around you.
• By learning from different cultures, participating in diverse activities and events,
you open the door to knowledge and hone your creative thinking.
Embrace changes
• You will have the opportunity to learn how to adapt to changes from various
aspects such as work, family, and relationships.
• When faced with these changes, you will find ways to create balance in life.
36LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
Challenge Number 3
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Self-expression shortage: At this time, you want to show off your talent but don't
stand out enough to get noticed
• Limited communication skills: It is possible that during this period, you will encounter
difficulties in communicating and connecting through words with others.
• Difficulty in deep concentration: During this period, you will have many aspects that
require deep focus to achieve effectiveness, however, with high energy in
movement, you may easily find it difficult and want to give up halfway.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Adapt and learn from mistakes: It’s not easy to express yourself, but by accepting
your mistakes and learning from them, you will become more confident and mature.
• Learn to listen: The ability to listen helps you better understand other people's
opinions and feelings, thereby building trust and creating good relationships.
• Learn to express your thoughts explicitly and confidently: Knowing how to
communicate messages in a comprehensible and concise way helps you create
clarity and avoid unnecessary misinterpretation.
• Apply concentration techniques: Learning to use concentration techniques like
breaking your work into smaller chunks (working for short periods and taking breaks
in between) will help you maintain effective focus.
37LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 33 - age 41)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 3
This is not only the time to achieve goals but also an opportunity to build a strong
foundation for the future. Expressing yourself, communicating effectively, and developing
creativity will be the key factors to propel you to new levels of success in both career and
life.
Express yourself and shape your lifestyle
• Expressing yourself is the ability to share your thoughts, emotions, and values with
others. To do this, you need to understand yourself and know what you want.
• Be proactive in seeking opportunities to develop personal skills; work hard, and
build a strong personal brand.
Utilize communication skills
• You will shine in this pinnacle cycle if you can flexibly combine confidence,
independence, discipline, and utilize your great articulation to inspire others.
Pursue passions
• Throughout this pinnacle cycle, you may seek areas and activities that align with
your abilities and interests, especially nurturing language skills.
• Pursuing a career in your passion and competence will make you stand out above
the crowd.
38LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
Challenge Number 4
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Fear of adapting to change or unknown or uncertain things
• Stiffness in old habits leads to finding it difficult to escape your comfort zone
• Difficulty shouldering financial responsibilities, such as managing debt or taking on
new financial responsibilities, leading to stress and anxiety.
• Lack of flexibility by an excessive focus on firm organizational processes and
discipline
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Learn to be open to new opportunities: that is the way to help you grow and have
experiences creating success.
• Invest time in financial research: This will help you better understand how
investment and saving are in accordance with your goals.
• Study and cultivate to become an expert: By reading books, researching, and
learning from someone with experience.
• Practice flexibility in decision-making: Navigating different situations in life
requires a willingness to change, to learn from experience, and to not be afraid of
failure.
39LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 42 - age 50)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need, then
charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 8
This is the pinnacle cycle where you have many opportunities to execute potential projects
or expand your business. Life rewards your diligence and perseverance over time.
Manifest wealth
• You will have opportunities to leverage financial and material resources.
• You may be considered for promotion in your career or even entrepreneurship.
• Pay attention to your self-image, maintain a positive attitude, and build healthy
relationships with money.
Advance in career
• The universe will provide you with many business opportunities.
• You may reap the rewards of your continuous efforts and dedication.
• You will also find answers to your life's biggest goals if you haven't found them yet.
Have feasible goals
• If you have plans to implement new projects, you should take action immediately.
• This is the time to apply the business models you've thoroughly researched into
practice.
• There are positive signs both in material and spiritual aspects.
40LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
Challenge Number 1
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with standing up for your own values
• Rely on everyone's opinions and unable to make decisions independently.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Trust yourself: Be confident that you were born with the ability to solve problems
you encounter.
• Autonomy: You need to learn to become more independent and pay less attention
to what other people think about you.
• Appreciate your unique values: Don't compare yourself to others too much, focus
on understanding and appreciating your unique qualities and perspectives.
41LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 51 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps you
understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation and
comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 9
In this pinnacle cycle, life will bring you opportunities to carry out community-oriented
projects, spreading inspiration widely. The important thing to do is to maintain an open
mind, seek new opportunities for connection, and continue to develop.
Spread human values and inspiration
• You have many opportunities to become a leader, spreading these values
to the lives of those around you
• You can establish volunteer communities, charitable funds to realize your
ideals of helping others.
Outreach international opportunities
• With the experience, knowledge, and personal network accumulated over time, you
can leverage them to promote international development.
• Learn a new language to further strengthen your development.
Serve community
• Service is a noble expression of maturity and life experience.
• Not only do you contribute to society, but you also nurture your family by
caring for and supporting future generations; Spend time and effort to share
knowledge to help them grow and succeed in life.
42LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
Challenge Number 7
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Have difficulty communicating with others, and rarely participate in
community activities.
• Be sensitive, vulnerable, and less trusting of others
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Practice mindset and create positive beliefs: Finding and cultivating
knowledge through new courses, lectures or books will help you expand your
knowledge and thinking.
• Be aware of your role and mission: Share your values, beliefs, and experiences
with the world.
• Learn more subjects to connect with your inner self: You can refer to some
methods such as meditation, yoga, reading books, and immersing yourself in
nature to focus your mind, reduce stress, and connect with your ego. You
should also practice compassion by taking time each day to think about the
good things in your life, think about the people you love, and think about
those you can help.
43LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
3 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 3 is the year you are ready to
accelerate to realize your goals and plans. This is the time to focus on aspects such as
expanding relationships, maintaining positive energy, confidence, and creative thinking.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 3:
• Connect and build rapports: Actively creating space to
meet, interact, and take advantage of your
communication skills to connect with people will help you
have more opportunities this year.
• Make your personal mark: Developing your ability to
communicate and express your feelings and thoughts will
help you draw attention and get respect from others.
• Create diligently: Being creative and expressing yourself
without any barriers will help you have a meaningful and
breakthrough year.
Creativity is nothing more
than the spirit of daring to
break through.
-Torrie T.Asai -
44LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
45LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
46LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
47LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
48LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should
do to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 9
9
is the time of endings and transformation, so eliminate old things to
make way for new and better things to come.
Suggestions:
• Give your all: Be willing to serve by donating money, effort, or time to a worthy
cause or anyone in need.
• Pay attention to mental health: Try to avoid unnecessary conflicts or arguments.
Practice light exercises or activities that can help you balance your mind.
• Think and set future directions: Take time to think about life directions as well as
ways to refresh and develop yourself more.
BBẢẢNN ĐĐỒỒ TTHHÀÀNNHH CCÔÔNNGG
49LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
50LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
51LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
52LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
53LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
8 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 8 is an appropriate day to focus on financial issues and work hard
for the goals you have set.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Focus and use the powerful energy of Number 8 for work and mentioned goals
• Plan your spending and make reasonable financial decisions
• Focus on opportunities at work for advancement
• Manage emotions, avoid conflicts and contradictions
54LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
55LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
56LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
57LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
58LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
59LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
60LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
63LE THỊ DIEM
13/10/1988
CONCLUSION
Dear Le Thị Diem
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
64