UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
PHAM QUAN VICTOR - 30/12/1972M P FOR
SUCCESS
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF - MASTER YOUR LIFE
PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
A letter
from the Founders
Dear Pham Quan Victor
Today, you are holding in your hands your very own Map for Success. This map will be a
companion that can help you find the key to unlock your future and discover the life path
that’s aligned with the mission you have been entrusted with.
As the saying goes, “Never judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,” if you are feeling
stuck in your career path, you might be in the position of a fish struggling to climb a tree. It is
not because you are inadequate; you just have not discovered your true talents, mission and
direction. It is also possible you have yet to identify who you truly are: a goldfish or a
songbird? In which case, it is even more essential that you obtain your Map for Success.
Following the right direction, you will be met with glorious success immediately at the next
stage; going in the wrong direction, however, you will lose your way and spend years being
lost only to return to the starting line.
For this very reason, the founders have devoted great efforts and applied our experience
to the development of Map for Success with the aim of helping you, just like tens of
thousands of others from all over the world, understand yourself on a profound level, reach
your full potential, thereby creating the life you have always dreamed of.
It is our honor to accompany you on the road towards understanding and improving
yourself to achieve success and complete happiness. Together we can build a more
sustainable society. Thank you for putting your trust in Map for Success on your journey of
self-discovery and growth.
Yours truly,
3PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
INTRODUCTION
Map for Success is a science-based tool consisting of 21 numbers that can help you
understand yourself, thereby improving the career, family and other aspects of your life.
Map for Success is the combination of Numerology and self-understanding tools such as
MBTI, DISC, and NLP. Moreover, after researching the sample of 500 successful individuals
worldwide, we have come to the conclusion of the success formula by identifying the most
common characteristics that lead them to achievement. This creates transformation
motivation for anyone who owns Map for Success.
Map for Success is built on the principles of:
• Self-awareness: The first step to success is understanding yourself. Map for Success will
help you identify your strengths, weaknesses, values and goals.
• Goal-setting: Next, you can learn how to set goals aligned with your values and
strengths. The tool will provide you with a step-by-step process to establish and
achieve your goals.
• Action planning: Goals alone are not enough. You need an action plan to realize those
goals. Map for Success will help you develop a practical and feasible plan.
• Commitment: Additionally, you need to maintain responsibility and commitment to your
goals. Map for Success coaches/practitioners will accompany and support you to the
fullest on your transformation journey.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
4PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Dr. Alok Bharadwaj
Vice President, Canon Asia
Looking at this Map for Success, I was pleasantly surprised because it resonated with my own
experiences. Having the Life Path Number 1 has always driven me to become a proficient leader and
assist other leaders in becoming better. Indeed, everything I have pursued and am still pursuing is
encapsulated in this map.
The information provided by Map for Success doesn't just stop at one aspect but approaches success
from various angles. What astounded me the most is how Map for Success accurately delineated what I
have, what I have done, and even the turning points in my life. In the map, at the age of 36, my number is
9 - indicating an expansion into the world. Remarkably, it was around that time that I expanded into over
50 countries worldwide. The Map for Success tool is truly invaluable, especially for young people in career
orientation or making important life decisions.
Ms. Sylvia Fernandez
International Coaching Expert
Map for Success is a very simple tool that allows us to understand ourselves deeply. I used to wonder
why I engaged in so many community projects until I realized that my Life Path Number 9 always
compelled me to do so.
The Life Path Number is highly accurate in describing my life. It precisely describes my personality and
what I have been doing all along. I am a person of strong faith, and I believe that Map for Success is
the best start on your journey to success.
If you don't know your personality, if you don't know who you are, then you cannot move forward on
the path to success, nor can you achieve the things you desire. Map for Success tells you where you are
right now, your strengths, weaknesses, and what you need to improve. From there, it provides you with
solutions to bridge the gap between the present and the dreams you are pursuing.
5PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
CHANGE FOR SUCCESS
ONLINE COURSE ACCOUNT
ACCESS NOW
Enter your code
19721230BK4W9Q
Wishing you all the best on your journey of
self-development ahead.
BEST REGARDS!
6PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Founders
Introduction
Customer Testimonials for Map for Success
Change for Success Online Course Account
PART 1. SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
PART 2. GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
1. Life Path Number
2. Destiny Number
3. Life Path - Destiny Connection Number
4. Soul Urge Number
PART 3. OTHER IMPORTANT NUMBERS
1. Balance Number
2. Birthday Number
3. Personality Number
4. Soul Urge- Personality Connection Number
5. Maturity Number
6. Attitude Number
7. Karmic Lesson Number
8. Karmic Debt Number
9. Rational Thought Number
10. Subconscious Self Number
11. Generation Number
12. Hidden Passion Number
PART 4. THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
1. Pinnacle Number
2. Challenge Number
3. Personal Year Number
4. Personal Month Number
5. Personal Day Number
PART 5. TRANSFORMATION PLAN
7PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
SUMMARY OF NUMBER ENERGY
LEADER DIPLOMAT speaker
LEADERSHIP LISTENING ELOQUENCE
INITIATIVE CONNECTING CONFIDENCE
LEADING LOVE CHARISMA
INDEPENDENce EMPATHY HUMOR
DETERMINATION HARMONY INTELLIGENCE
EXPERT INNOVATOR ALTRUIST
Logic CREATIVITY FAMILY
CERTAINTY EXPERIENCE LOVE
DISCIPLINE FLEXIBILITY CARE
PERSEVERANCE INNOVATION COMPASSION
ATTENTION TO DETAIL ADVENTURE RESPONSIBILITY
STRATEGIST ENTREPRENEUR SPIRITUAL LEADER
WISDOM SHARPNESS ALTRUISM
SPIRITUALITY MATERIALISM GENEROSITY
STRATEGY TASTE ENLIGHTENMENT
BELIEF DEDICATION LEADER
INNER SELF PRAGMATISM MATURITY
MASTER TRAINER MASTER BUILDER MASTER HEALER
CONNECTION DEDICATION COMPASSION
VISION CONCENTRATION LOVE
DIPLOMACY PROGRESSIVE THINKING CARE
KEEN INTUITION EXECUTION SERVICE
FAIRNESS UNIQUENESS COMMUNICATION
8PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
7 1 7
LIFE PATH BALANCE DESTINY
The destiny, power and unique How you confront problems and The guiding compass that helps
traits in your personality. The adversities. you fulfill your mission and bring
obstacles you may encounter to great values to life.
complete your lessons.
0 11 3
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
SOUL URGE BIRTHDAY
CONNECTION
What you need to do to graduate The hidden desires in your soul, The characteristics, areas of
from life's lessons and fulfill your and the reasons behind your expertise, or skills you need to
destiny. actions. develop and will succeed if you
want to commit to them for life.
5 3 5
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY
PERSONALITY MATURITY
CONNECTION
Character, worldview, relationships, Bridge connecting your perspective Your image, values, aspirations
and issues in your interpersonal on yourself and your image in the and goals in the most energetic
interactions. eyes of others. period from 30 - 40 years old.
6 - 14/5
ATTITUDE KARMIC LESSON KARMIC DEBT
How you perceive daily Weaknesses you need to overcome. Lessons you need to conquer to
situations. perfect yourself.
9PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
SUMMARY OF NUMBERS
9 9 1,3,4,8,9
RATIONAL THOUGHT SUBCONSCIOUS SELF HIDDEN PASSION
Your thinking style and Personality traits you need to Special skills, interests,
decision-making orientation. develop to cope with and solve passions, activities that bring
problems. self-awareness and joy to you.
4,5,6,7,8 1,2,3,4,5 6,4,1,4
PERSONAL YEAR PERSONAL MONTH PINNACLE
Changes that may occur in Changes that may occur in the The level of maturity,
the next few years and how next few months and how you responsibility, cognitive ability,
you respond. respond. and significant events in each
stage of life.
9,1,2 1 0,2,2,2
PERSONAL DAY GENERATION CHALLENGE
Suggestions for your The requirements and Major issues that you will face
appropriate actions for an expectations you need to in various stages and how you
effective day. meet for your year. should overcome them.
10PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF LIFE
The Golden Triangle of Life consists of 04 numbers, among which:
• Life Path Number is the most important number and the gem within each person that
needs to be activated to shine.
• Destiny Number is the number of career orientations. You need to utilize the potential
of your Life Path to fulfill your Destiny.
• Life Path – Destiny Connection Number is the number that helps you understand what
you need to do to leverage your Life Path potential and fulfill your Destiny.
• Soul Urge Number is a number that reveals the deepest desires and dreams within you.
From there, you will seek a suitable job that fully satisfies your soul.
7
LIFE PATH
11
SOUL URGE
7 0
DESTINY CONNECTION
LIFE PATH - DESTINY
11PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
LIFE PATH NUMBER
7
The Life Path Number is the most important number in Map
for Success. It points out a comprehensive view of yourself
including your life purpose, opportunities, challenges and
lessons that you need to experience in your life. It also
11 22 33
indicates which direction your journey of self-improvement
should take for you to attain happiness.
44 55 66
Keywords
8 99
• Ability to analyze and think • High responsibility for work
logically
1111 2222 3333
• Good at strategy and
• Meticulous and high vision
standards
• Good intuition, good at
• Spirit of learning and self- grasping the laws of the
development universe
• Extensive knowledge • Resistant to pressure well
• High concentration ability • Speech is influential and
persuasive
Energy of Number 7
With energy number 7, you were born to become an
intelligent philosopher, a profound analyst and always
looking for faith. You always want to understand the
mysteries of life. You are very sensitive and intuitive.
Number 7 represents the world of wisdom, enlightenment
and correct faith. To achieve that, you focus on self-
development and continuous learning, looking deeply to
find the nature of things and events. The energy of number 7
is the energy of deep analysis and sharp intuition.
12PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
Your strengths
• Smart and rational before all problems of life
• Actively learn and increase knowledge
• Analyze and research carefully before drawing conclusions
• Good at contemplation and drawing valuable lessons
• Meticulous, aiming for certainty
• Like to be alone to focus on intellectual development and connect with the soul
Your weaknesses
• Be careful not to become cocky and overconfident in yourself
• Manage your emotions so avoid losing your temper
• Living in isolation from the outside world can limit your opportunities
• Learn how to communicate and cooperate with people
IN WORKPLACE
Characteristics
• Always research and analyze carefully to
come up with the best implementation plan
• Once you have developed good expertise,
you will be the one to set the vision and
development strategy for your team.
• Don't be afraid to continuously learn and
develop yourself to do the best job possible
• Perfectionist and has high standards in work
Advice
• Be more agile in making decisions
• Be a perfectionist but don't become domineering and imposing.
• Use your sharing ability to help your colleagues develop better.
• Be more proactive and positive in contributing and sharing
opinions.The working environment requires high teamwork
ability.
• Leadership model: strategy and vision
13PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
IN RELATIONSHIPS
Characteristics
• Gain trust because of his erudite
intelligence
• Give advice and strategies to
others in a good way
• Promote intuition in understanding
and building relationships
Advice
You are introverted, reserved and do not actively communicate, which invisibly limits
your ability to have quality relationships. Know that you need others as much as they
need you. There are still good friends out there and sometimes you miss things when
you're too focused on judging others. Besides, don't be too skeptical, try opening your
heart to trust others.
WORDS OF ADVICE FOR NUMBER 7
 Believe in your abilities and accept every opportunity to become someone who can
share, advise and help those around you develop both knowledge and spiritual
values.
 With number 7 energy, live with the belief that when you work well and live well,
miracles will come to your life. Living with the attitude of constantly analyzing and
doubting everything can be exhausting and draining.
 Go to nature and spend quiet time to discover your inner power. Subjects such as
meditation or yoga are especially suitable for people number 7.
Note: In some cases, the opposite energy of number 7 is expressed in laziness, low
standards, indiscipline and lack of ability to dig deeper into problems. If you find
yourself in this situation, focus on planning your studies and seriously developing your
expertise. Therefore, you can confidently walk the path of conquering success and
fulfillment in life.
14PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
Career orientation
Suitable careers for The Life Path Number 7 people include scientific research,
archeology, analyst, psychoanalyst, surgeon, historian, biologist, police investigator,
scientist newspapers, psychiatrists,...With a soul oriented towards humanistic values,
you are also suitable to be a lecturer, humanitarian worker, monk,...
GRADUATION LESSON
Become a strategist, a lighthouse that
enlightens everyone with a big enough heart,
enough effort and a small enough ego
15PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
DESTINY NUMBER
The Destiny Number highlights your significant role and
responsibility in this life. By fulfilling your destiny, you will achieve
7
resounding success and create incredible values for society.
Your destiny is
To become A WISDOM ENLIGHTENER
Your outstanding capabilities to accomplish the destiny:
• Excellent memory and extensive research skills
• Self-reflection and daily self-cultivation
• Ability to decipher the life’s nature
• Right faith and adherence to the Law of Cause and Effect
• Strategic planning and big-goal setting
Message for you
You are blessed with a superior intellect, exceptional analytical skills, and keen intuition.
You are destined to share your wisdom and dedicate yourself to life. Your insights into life's
laws will help people increase awareness and proactively cultivate themselves for a
peaceful life. You are independent and usually spend time contemplating, so sometimes
you are closed off to others. It is essential to understand that you need other people just
as much as they need you. You should open your heart and embrace
opportunities to expand your relationship and connect with good friends.
16PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
SOUL URGE
The Soul Urge Number disclose the innermost desires
within each individual. This number explains the reasons
NUMBER
behind your decisions and the way you react to the world
around you. Accordingly, you can choose suitable work
11 environments and relationships to ignite your energy and
inspiration in everything you do.
The soul craves to inspire and connect with others.
• You aspire to become a leader, bringing
outstanding values.
• You desire autonomy and recognition in your
community.
• You want to provide advice and solutions for others.
• You are willing to selflessly dedicate yourself and
create humanistic values in life.
Favorite workplaces
• Respect individual uniqueness and have clear paths
for managerial advancement
• Cultivate community awareness and service spirit
• Encourage continuous creativity and innovation
Suitable relationships
• Have a strong empathy and connection
• Share a common belief system and grow together
• Foster independence and collectively pursue
community values
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
17PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
NUMBERS
• Balance Number
• Birthday Number
• Personality Number
• Soul Urge-Personality
Connection Number
• Maturity Number
• Attitude Number
• Karmic Lesson Number
• Karmic Debt Number
• Rational Thought Number
• Subconscious Self Number
• Generation Number
• Hidden Passion Number
18PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
BALANCE NUMBER 1
The Balance Number reveals how you confront challenges in life. Accordingly, you will
choose more appreciated behavior for a smoother development journey towards
success.
When facing difficulties, you tend to:
• Think and act independently, preferring
to solve your own problem
• Proactively analyze the situation from a
rational and comprehensive perspective
• Take swift, precise and decisive actions
Things to keep in mind:
• Consult others before taking action
• Be flexible and willing to adapt to
specific situations
• Avoid being overly obsessed with
success which can cause stress
Message for you:
Effective problem-solving and decision-making require balancing independence
and collaboration.
19PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
BIRTHDAY NUMBER 3
The Birthday Number is considered a gift from the Universe, revealing your unique talents
and natural abilities. It helps you find out which environments enable you to fully harness
your wonderful qualities.
Gifted personality traits
• Friendly, talkative and sociable
• Intelligent, energetic and humorous
• Tactful, enthusiastic and optimistic
Natural abilities
• Excellent persuasion and oratory skills
• Rich imagination and outstanding artistic ability
• Ability to inspire, influence and attract others
The environment for your talent development
Opportunities for Communication Art,
self-expression creativity performance
Chặng 1
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
20PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONALITY NUMBER 5
The Personality Number describes other people's first impression of you. It reflects the energy
or characteristics you are projecting to the world.
You are projecting the energy of a creative and
innovative person.
• You easily make a positive impression on others through your graceful, humorous
and friendly demeanor.
• You are a captivating storyteller and bring comfort to others.
• You are free-spirited and not afraid to be your true self.
• You have many unique ideas to apply in your work and life.
• You are flexible but fickle, lacking concentration and commitment.
Only change is constant in life.
- Heraclitus -
21PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
SOUL URGE - PERSONALITY CONNECTION NUMBER
3 The Soul Urge - Personality Connection Number serves as a bridge
between your self-image and how others perceive you. This number
gives you advice on how to adjust the way you are so that people
do not misunderstand you.
The way to align your inner and outer self:
• You should learn to express your emotions more clearly with others.
• Be confident and showcase your talents in a healthy way, avoiding excessive
self-expression.
• Cultivating your relationships openly and sincerely is very beneficial to create
a strong foundation for understanding and positive interaction.
22PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
MATURITY NUMBER
5 The Maturity Number indicates what you should do in order
to develop your life to the fullest during your most
productive years, from age 30 to 40.
Suggestions for the maturity stage:
• Cultivate flexibility and creativity to adapt to changes
• Nurture your spirit and energy to bring new values into your life
• Engage in energy-boosting activities to keep yourself vibrant
• Experience more new things to ignite your boundless creative inspiration
MESSAGE FOR YOU
“Embrace every opportunity and strive to bring a fresh breeze of creativity
and freedom to your life and other people.’’
23PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
ATTITUDE NUMBER 6
The Attitude Number describes how you perceive everyday situations. It helps you choose
appropriate attitudes for personal development and embracing the positive aspects of
life.
Your attitude in life:
• You recognize that nothing is more important than family, friends and loved ones.
• You are an affectionate person who always cares for people.
• You often focus on details rather than the big picture.
• You are perfectionistic with high aesthetic sense and high standards for many
things.
• Your perspective is sometimes heavily influenced by others' viewpoints. You need to
cultivate critical thinking and develop your own opinions.
24PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
KARMIC DEBT NUMBER 14/5
The Karmic Debt Number highlights life’s difficulties demanding your unwavering
perseverance and determination to surmount. Successfully navigating through these
challenges will foster your robust development and enhance your resilience on life’s
journey.
What you need to avoid:
• Work without commitment and quitting halfway, undermining your credibility
and professionalism
• Indulge in temptations and vices, gradually eroding your personal values
• Live a carefree life without goals
• Gossip and get involved in unnecessary scandals
Lessons for you:
• Practice self-restraint and set limits when approaching life's aspects
• Learn to overcome temptations with perseverance and strong willpower
• Demonstrate responsibility even in the smallest actions
• Balance the desire for freedom with commitment and dedication
25PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
RATIONAL THOUGHT NUMBER
9
The Rational Thought Number reflects the direction in which
you think and make your decision. This number fundamentally
represents how your brain operates in pressure situations.
Your way of thinking and decision-making:
• You have a comprehensive mindset
and a broad vision.
• You tend to proactively consider
carefully before making decisions.
• Sometimes you become a meddler
B˜n thích s° th˛ng th˝n, chính tr°c , và s° bám ˙uˆi mˇc tiêu
because of thinking for others.
Suggestions for you:
• Incorporate more realistic thinking
and avoid idealization before
making decisions.
• Don't feed others, just teach them
how to fish so they don't rely too
much on you.
26PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
SUBCONSCIOUS SELF NUMBER
9
The Subconscious Self Number presents personality traits you
need to develop to easily achieve goals and cope with problems
and troubles.
The key to helping you overcome your obstacles and restore your energy:
• Don't be too perfectionist with yourself which definitely puts pressure on yourself
• Always aim for humanistic values and cultivate a mind toward goodness
• Create relationships with other humane people to gain additional perspectives
on how to solve problems
MESSAGE FOR YOU
Developing moral and humane roots will be your guideline
whenever you encounter difficulties and challenges.
27PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
GENERATION NUMBER 1
The Generation Number helps you identify your requirements and expectations to meet your
age. When you become aware of the connection between yourself and the world around
you, you will adjust your behavior to minimize conflicts with others.
Common energy of Generation Number 1
• When you own the energy of Generation Number 1, you always want to be a
pioneer and lead the trend of the times.
• You are easily attracted to occupations that allow you to make decisions and
take initiative.
• You need to cultivate yourself to become the best version of yourself, then
instruct and lead others to help them become as good as you.
• It is necessary to ensure good mental strength, and the ability to withstand great
pressure and keep up with changes quickly.
• You are appropriate for jobs related to administration, management, and
leadership, especially when there must be clear development space.
Prominent advantages
• Unique and extraordinary
• Egocentric
• Dynamic, courageous, and decisive
• Independent and self-control in all situations
Challenges:
• Control your energy level, knowing how to promote it at the right time.
• Express your ego with enough confidence, avoid being aggressive and
arrogant, causing discomfort to others.
28PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 1
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You enjoy becoming a pioneer and feel excited to start new things.
• You want to get straight to the point, proactively solving things in your way.
• You would like to initiate large-scale projects and want to become a leader.
• You are willing to take responsibility and be flexible when handling situations.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to be more
creative and pay more attention to other people's perspectives.
29PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 3
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You are articulate, full of energy, and have a strong desire to share this positivity
with everyone.
• You want to express yourself through constant sharing, communication, and action.
• You have a passion for beauty and aesthetics, take pleasure in dressing elegantly,
and often receive compliments from others.
• You love creative, artistic things.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
In order to fully harness your passion, it is essential to maintain
positive energy and further improve your ability to speak and
use words effectively.
30PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 4
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You prefer safety, stability, and certainty in all things even if they are big or small.
• You are proactive in every situation, feel secure when everything is scheduled, and
follow the plan in a stable manner.
• You are highly disciplined and want to work in an environment with processes and
frameworks.
• You like practical, detailed things and keep persistent with your goals.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to proactively seek
opportunities for personal development, and dare to step out of your
comfort zone to experience many new things in life.
31PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 8
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You like straightforwardness, clarity, and fairness in all aspects of life.
• You are passionate about money earning and business investment.
• You like to be honored, recognized, rewarded, and have high standards in life.
• You feel satisfied when assigned leadership, management, and executive positions in
projects.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to learn how to
take care of your mental health and pay attention to your
work-life balance.
32PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
HIDDEN PASSION NUMBER 9
The Hidden Passion Number reflects your interests, special skills as well as activities that
bring you joy, which is the key to helping you increase your mental strength and positive
energy in the process of understanding and developing yourself.
Activities that bring you joy:
• You feel happy when you help someone in difficult situations and desire to do noble
volunteer work.
• You have a high aesthetic taste like delicate and artistic things.
• You are willing to give, contribute, and bring positive changes to society.
• You aim for macro-level things, always fighting for a better world.
MESSAGE FOR YOU
To achieve success with your passion, you need to choose a few key
goals to focus on completing and working toward the best results.
33PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
THE FOUR PYRAMIDS
4
Pinnacle 4
(age 48 - age 56)
Pinnacle 3
(age 39 - age 47)
1
6 4
Pinnacle 1 Pinnacle 2
(age 0 - age 29) (age 30 - age 38)
The Four Pyramids symbolize the peaks of each individual in the Map for Success. The
Pyramids consist of four pinnacle cycles corresponding to four distinct developmental
stages in life, called Pinnacle Number. Each Pinnacle Number represents a different
degree of maturity, cognitive ability, and comes with a corresponding Challenge
Number. You need to seize opportunities and overcome difficulties to maximize
development in each Pinnacle.
34PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 1 (age 0 - age 29)
The first pinnacle cycle plays the role of laying the foundation for a whole life. This time holds
significant mental and physical changes that shape your beliefs, identity and future
potential.
Pinnacle Number 6
This pinnacle cycle brings opportunities to nurture close relationships with family and learn
how to love and support others.
Build connections with family
• You have many valuable opportunities to build intimate relationships and find
happiness in connection with loved ones.
• This is an appropriate time to commit to important decisions such as marriage,
having children, and caring for family.
Serve the community
• You can support family in times of difficulty, help friends overcome life challenges,
or participate in volunteer activities.
• Serving others is a noble and meaningful action, helping you cultivate compassion
and sharing love with those around you.
35PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
Challenge Number 0
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• The Challenge Number 0 means you are unlikely to encounter significant difficulties
or obstacles during this stage.
• But you may still face potential challenges or unforeseen risks in life.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Take advantage of every opportunity: You need to take advantage of the
opportunity to learn, practice skills, build a solid foundation for the future, and
explore your potential to the fullest. Constantly expand your horizons and seek
knowledge from different learning sources to shape creative and multi-dimensional
thinking.
• Accept the challenge: Accepting challenges is an opportunity for you to overcome
your limits and become stronger. Face difficulties, don't run away or give up, but
cope with them courageously so your life becomes more worthy and meaningful.
36PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 2 (age 30 - age 38)
The pinnacle cycle 2, often considered the mature stage, is the time when you begin to
achieve stability in various aspects of life. This is an important pinnacle cycle, marking
significant changes in your perception and life perspectives.
Pinnacle number 4
This is a golden opportunity for you to establish a strong foundation for the future. With
effort, determination, discipline, and detailed plans, you will achieve the success and
happiness you desire.
Invest in professional development
• You are on a journey to accumulate knowledge and enhance your value.
• You should actively seek new challenges and participate in various courses to
develop your professional skills and expand your network.
• Continue investing in intellect and research, as these investments will create long-
term benefits.
Position yourself
• You need to use your professional knowledge to continue training and deliver value
to others.
• You will gradually reap some achievements. It could be a university degree, office
certifications, a good job, or robust health.
Create detailed and specific plans
• At this stage, focusing on planning and self-improvement is key to guiding yourself to success.
• The more specific your plan is, the easier it is for you to take action and see the development
picture for yourself.
37PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Imbalanced relationships and balance your needs with the needs of your family,
friends, or others.
• Fear of rejection and vulnerability which can prevent you from improving yourself
and forming deeper connections.
• There were a lot of conflicts and loss of communication between relationships.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Develop communication skills and empathy to better understand other people's
perspectives and feelings.
• Develop a conflict resolution strategy: Learn constructive conflict resolution
strategies, such as active listening and assertive feelings expression to resolve
relationship problems.
• Seek support from people you trust to overcome challenges and enhance your
perspective with diverse perspectives.
38PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 3 (age 39 - age 47)
After focusing on building a foundation for personal growth in the first two pinnacle cycles,
the pinnacle cycle 3 is a period for you to reflect and listen to what you truly need,
then charting a course that aligns with them for the future.
Pinnacle Number 1
This is the pinnacle cycle where you have enough confidence to choose your own path and
fully focus on your personal journey without being influenced by others' opinions.
Dare to dream big
• With independence and courage, you have the belief and ability to choose your
own path.
• Don't hesitate to challenge yourself in new fields to gain experience for long-term
goals in the future.
Build a vision
• With the ability to see far and wide and a pioneering mindset, this is the time to
unleash your potential to become a leader.
• You should set clear goals, commit to pursuing them to the end, and take full
responsibility for your actions.
Focus on yourself
• You need to understand that what others say about you is not as important as
you may think.
• Maintaining a positive mindset and a daring attitude will surely help you go further
on the path to finding happiness and success.
39PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Having difficulty balancing emotions
• Loss of connection to relationships and a tendency to exaggerate things.
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be harmonious in relationships: Learn to stay calm, listen to all sides, and resolve all
conflicts peacefully.
• Balance emotions: The more you focus on listening to yourself, the fewer negative
emotions you will have.
• Believe in your values: Develop serious reasoning, learn to separate yourself from
excessive emotions, and become more principled and decisive.
40PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PINNACLE NUMBER
PINNACLE CYCLE 4 (age 48 or later)
The Pinnacle Cycle 4, along with its opportunities and challenges at this point, helps
you understand what you should do to both contribute to society's positive transformation
and comfortably enjoy life. It is undeniable that you must make efforts to study, train, and
develop yourself in the right direction from previous pinnacle cycles to reach your
achievements.
Pinnacle Number 4
In this pinnacle cycle, life will provide you with opportunities to cultivate discipline,
diligently train your body, mind, and spirit to continue moving forward.
Become a professional expert in a field
• You use your accumulated knowledge to train thousands of people,
• leading them to happier lives.
• Achieving personal success and creating meaningful value for the community.
Learn the lessons of life discipline
• Discipline contributes to increasing work efficiency, managing time better, building
healthy living habits, boosting confidence, and sharpening the mind.
• You also need to let those around you know the importance of discipline so that you
can give more value.
Make a Detailed planning for every effort
• This pinnacle cycle is suitable for slowing down and making solid plans.
• You have the opportunity to calmly sit down to ponder, rearrange priorities for tasks
that need to be done.
41PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
Challenge Number 2
Difficulties and challenges during this period:
• Struggle with balancing emotions
• Be sensitive and lack confidence because you care too much about what
other people think about you
• Take on too much responsibility and do not have time for yourself
Solutions and feasible approaches:
• Be brave in facing your feelings: You can write in a journal, talk to friends and
family, or join a support group to enhance your positive energy, helping you
overcome negative emotions.
• Learn to say “No" firmly if you don't want to do something: You should analyze
and consider the appropriateness of assigned tasks and responsibilities so that
you do not become overloaded.
42PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2023)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
4
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 4 is the time for you to focus on work,
discipline yourself, and persevere in pursuing aimed goals.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 4:
• Focus on details: In The Personal Year Number 4, you need to
focus on processes and attention to detail to keep everything
in control.
• Consolidate relationships: This time is suitable for you in
creating a foundation and commitment to the relationships
around you. Relationship certainty will enable you to work in a
relaxed and steady state of mind.
• Allocate and arrange time appropriately: You need to
understand how to manage your work and rest schedule to
complete your work and have time for yourself to rest and
replenish energy.
The harder you work,
the luckier you get.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:22)(cid:131)(cid:143)(cid:151)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:3)(cid:10)(cid:145)(cid:142)(cid:134)(cid:153)(cid:155)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:486)
43PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2024)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
5 expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 5 is the time when you will be full of new
energy and have many opportunities for experience and creativity. Be flexible and adapt
to new opportunities this year.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 5:
• Flexible and creative in approaching problems: This year,
you will have many new opportunities. Besides being flexible
and quickly adapting to changes to seize opportunities, you
need to have the right approach to reach the best
achievement thanks to those opportunities.
• Stick to the target: Personal Year Number 5 is an explosive
year filled with creative ideas. At this time, you will be able to
create impressive achievements, but you need to commit to
the goal you have set to avoid giving up halfway.
• Notice emotional management: You may want to try many
different experiences, but you need to pay attention to
valuing discipline, self-control, and managing your emotions
in work and relationships as well.
Life is either a daring
adventure or nothing at all.
(cid:486)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:144)(cid:3)(cid:14)(cid:135)(cid:142)(cid:142)(cid:135)(cid:148)(cid:3)(cid:486)
44PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2025)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what
6
to expect in the coming year. Personal year number 6 is the year you focus on your
family and calm down to give more love to those around you.
Suggestions for The Personal Year Number 6:
• Balance between family and work: In the year of Personal
Number 6, you need to pay more attention to your family,
but a balance between both career and family is necessary
for you to both develop and focus on your family members.
• Caring for the right people in the right way: Relatives and
family will be your top priority, so make an effort to take
good care of them.
• Maintain the service spirit: This year, you will have the
opportunity to serve your family and those around you. Try
to maintain the spirit of giving love to create connections
with your important people.
Kindness is the highest
form of wisdom.
-The Talmud -
45PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2026)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
7
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 7 is the year you need to look inside to
understand your inner self, learn, and develop yourself.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 7:
• Focus on learning and self-development: Studying contributes
to improving knowledge and gaining a broader vision for
yourself that will help you have a successful Personal Year
Number 7.
• Contemplate yourself: This is also a quiet year for you to be
honest with yourself and let go of the things that are no longer
needed for your life.
• Personal and spiritual development: This is a slow year so you
need to give yourself the opportunity to reach out in order to
learn about spiritual things that will help you purify your soul.
To know what you know
and what you don't know is
true knowledge.
-Confucius -
46PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL YEAR NUMBER (2027)
The Personal Year Number gives you more perspective on possible changes and what to
expect in the coming year. Personal Year Number 8 promises to be the time when you
8
explode with energy and draw a strong attraction for money - fame - and opportunity.
This is also a year when you get many lessons about the balance between family - work,
spirit - and material.
Suggestions for Personal Year Number 8:
• Realize goals: The Year Personal Number 8 is a suitable year
for you to reinforce your big dreams and plans. This year, you
may be extremely occupied, so always keep yourself ready
to sacrifice and contribute, and you will receive a worthy
reward.
• Take advantage of opportunities to connect with people
successfully: This year, expand your relationships with
talented people, learning how to talk and negotiate to
achieve more success.
• Develop financial opportunity: This may be a turning point
for you to turn into a new page in the field of finance and
business. So, always cultivate your management knowledge
and skills to be ready to accelerate this year.
Nothing builds self-esteem
and confidence better
than achievement.
-Thomas Carlyle -
47PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T4/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do to
make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 1 is
1
considered the month of beginnings, appropriate for you to create a
"foundation" for the following months. You need to have patience and
certainty as well as a clear vision about when to decide to act.
Suggestions:
• Set up goals: Make an action plan for all projects, whether short-term or long-term,
to create momentum for the next months.
• Start new things: Start simple new things like buying new items, planting a new tree,
making new friends, or going to new lands.
• Be proactive: You need to try to resolve and arrange aspects of study, work, love,
and relationships to harmonize and balance them.
• Dare to show off: You will have the opportunity to express your personality, ego and
focus a lot on yourself.
48PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T5/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 2 is the
2
time to slow down, and focus more on connecting with yourself and the
people around you. Maintain a willingness to cooperate in terms of
working with people, and taking time to build sustainable relationships.
Suggestions:
• Connectivity Enhancement: You should listen to others more and develop your
diplomatic aspect with those around you this month.
• Emotional balance: Be persistent and patient in everything, avoiding excessive
emotions, speculations, and worries this month.
• Progress and development: It could be progress on a project or occupation you're
working on or improvement in a skill or hobby.
49PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T6/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 3 is a
3
month of great opportunities to socialize and learn new things, to
awaken cultural and artistic aspects.
Suggestions:
• Participate in sharing activities: You can participate in self-expression activities
such as speeches, discussions, cultural performances, etc
• Expand your communication circle: Take advantage of communication skills and
speaking ability to expand your circle of relationships
• Engage in outdoor activities: These things can be prioritized to stimulate creativity
50PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T7/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. During Personal Month Number 4,
4 the energies influencing you are stability, practicality, and the desire to
build a solid foundation. This month is ideal for concentrating on your
responsibility, setting realistic goals, and working hard to achieve them.
Suggestions:
• Work diligently: Take advantage of this month's energy to work, the results you get
will be worthy of the efforts you put in.
• Arrange your life in order: Focus on organizing your tasks and schedule
appropriately to avoid feeling overwhelmed.
• Be patient: Patience is a primary key during this phase, trust and commit to the
process and the effort you put in.
• Prioritize your health care: This month encourages you to work hard but also
remember to take care of your physical and mental health.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
51PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL MONTH NUMBER (T8/2025)
The Personal Month Number can reveal each month what you should do
to make life better and more interesting. Personal Month Number 5 is a
5
dynamic month, bringing a sense of freedom and renewal. This month's
energy encourages you to embrace new experiences, expand your
horizons, and seek adventure.
Suggestions:
• Look for new things: Be open to trying new things and stepping out of your comfort
zone, as this can bring unexpected and exciting opportunities.
• Embrace change: You may experience significant changes, so be flexible to adapt
and accept them positively.
• Travel and explore: This time is also a favorable time to start traveling and seek new
experiences through each trip.
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
BẢN ĐỒ THÀNH CÔNG
52PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (26/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
9 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day number 9 is a suitable day to focus on completing the remaining tasks
and participate in humanitarian activities.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Participate in volunteer activities
• Forgive and be softer with yourself and those around you
• Pack up and complete unfinished tasks
• Seize opportunities for change, eliminate things that hinder growth
• Promote creativity and ideas to prepare for plans.
53PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (27/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
1
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 1 is a special day, opening up interesting ideas and opportunities
to start your projects and plans.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Put new ideas into practice
• Start a project or a plan
• Make a drastic and proactive decision
• Be open to getting opportunities that come your way
• Pay attention to your own needs
54PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
PERSONAL DAY NUMBER (28/04/2025)
The Personal Day Number suggests what you can focus on today to
2 achieve happiness and good results. You thereby will have the most
suitable action plan for yourself.
Personal Day Number 2 is a good day to be with loved ones or complete tasks that
require cooperation.
Your day can be kicked off with the following suggestions:
• Stay calm and cooperate effectively with others
• Take time to strengthen relationships
• Listen and understand attentively
• Trust your intuition
• Don't be afraid to ask for help from others
55PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION
PLAN
In this part, you will identify goals and a detailed
personal development plan based on personal
information from the Map for Success. Only when
you take action can you realize your dreams,
aspirations, and unleash your full potential.
56PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
In this part, you will set both long-term and short-term goals for yourself. Short-term
goals will be stepping stones to help you achieve long-term goals
SETTING LONG-TERM GOALS
The 3D model will help you set any goals in life
DESIRE DRIVE DO
What is your true desire? Why do you want to What do you do to
achieve your desire? achieve your desires?
Then, follow these steps to identify your top 3 goals:
STEP 1 Contemplate and write down
Write down everything, big or small, about what you want to change, accomplish, or
achieve. Focus on long-term goals within 1 year (though you can choose a shorter and
longer time frame). These goals can be personal, work-related, or both.
STEP 2 Simplify the list
Review the list you've just written and group similar items together into one category.
If there are items that can be combined into a larger goal, merge them together.
STEP 3 Prioritize your goals
After simplifying, prioritize the goals that you feel need the most attention, and rank them
from 1 to 3.
STEP 4 Review goals
You need to carefully check if your goals are specific, measurable, feasible with your
current resources and time, and if they meet the 3D criteria. Then, write down your goals in
the table below.
57PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Fill in your top 3 long-term goals and completion deadlines in the boxes below. Notice
that you need to clearly state both the goal and the deadlines to complete that goal.
FILL IN LONG-TERM GOALS AND COMPLETION DEADLINES FOR GOALS
GOAL 1
.....
GOAL 2
GOAL 3
58PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
Now, it's time to determine your short-term goals.
FILL IN SHORT-TERM GOALS
Think about the goals you will achieve within the next 30 or 60 days. For these goals, you
need to follow the SMART rule. After identifying these small goals, fill in the following pages your
short-term goals to achieve your big goals.
S
Is this goal clear and specific?
pecific
M
How can this goal be measured?
easurable
A
Can this goal be achieved?
chievable
R
Is this goal feasible?
ealistic
T
Does this goal have a specific time deadline?
imely
59PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
60PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
61PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
TRANSFORMATION PLAN
SPECIFIC STEPS AND COMPLETION TIME
ACTION
AND
TIME
AVAILABLE RESOURCES
MY GOALS IN
THE NEXT.... DAYS RESOURCES
UNAVAILABLE RESOURCES
WILL BE
CRITERIA FOR EVALUATING THE LEVEL OF GOAL COMPLETION
PROCESS
EVALUATION
RESULTS AND ACHIEVEMENT DEADLINE
62PHAM QUAN VICTOR
30/12/1972
CONCLUSION
Dear Pham Quan Victor
Congratulations on completely uncovering your own Map of Success!
We believe that the process of self-discovery through the 24 specific numbers in the Map for
Success have helped you:
• Understand your strengths, weaknesses, interests and potential abilities.
• Identify your goals and direction for your life.
• Make action plans to achieve those goals.
• Cultivate yourself, overcome limitations, create achievements, and valuable
contributions to the community.
With these, we hope you will have a meaningful journey of self-transformation, head in the
right direction and live true to your authentic self.
Remember that the path to success is not always a straight line. There are twists and turns,
vast plains, and towering peaks. Sometimes, you need to pause, review the map, and
adjust your direction. However, believe in your abilities; as long as you keep trying, be willing
to experience and change and dare to think and act, then you will surely grow stronger and
the destination of success will be in front of you.
We commit to accompanying you on your transformation journey. Start your journey of self-
discovery and breakthrough with Map for Success today!
When you know who you are and what you want,
you can achieve anything.
Oprah Winfrey
63